I think that we need strong alpha males like Donald J. Trump, Spencer Pratt, and our loved Charlie Kirk. Did you just ironically say strong alpha males? We have laws in favor of women getting leadership roles. We're taking opportunities away from men. You are oppressed more than me. Men are men, and men have testosterone, and men love beautiful women. And trust me, I would prefer a man that actually looks at women and is sexually attracted to women. Dude. They had to make things up to get Trump. Trump doesn't have to be a sexual predator. Any woman would love to be with Trump. All right, listen, put your hand up if you would have sex with Donald Trump. USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! Has Donald Trump been a good president for women, or has America moved backward from expanding women's rights to debating how far those rights should go? I'm John Regalado, and from Jubilee Media, this is Surrounded, where one brave soul faces a room full of disagreeers. Today, we are diving into what feminism means on both sides of the aisle, abortion rights, and President Trump's record. I'm here with our featured guest, progressive commentator, Dean Withers. Welcome to the show. Thank you for having me. You ready to go? Oh, I'm excited. This will be fun. All right, are you all ready to debate Dean? Yeah! All right, let's get into it. I'm Dean Withers. I'm a 21-year-old liberal. I do political debate for a living, and today I'm surrounded by 20 Trump supporters again. But this time, they're all women. My first surrounded claim is, men aren't better at leading than women. If you would like to debate this claim, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Good to see you again. Welcome back, Lori. How you doing? I'm doing good. How are you? I'm doing phenomenal. So the first claim is that men are not better at leading than women. And I'm honestly appalled that you as a woman would disagree. But I mean, if you want to start it off by telling us why you do think men are better at leading than women, the mic is all yours. Well, how I would like to start this off is I'd like you to define what a woman is. Well, sure. I think that the definition of what a woman is is ultimately irrelevant to this debate. No, it's not. I'm willing to preassume your definition of what a woman is, i.e., an adult human female. See, if I were to give you my definition of what a woman is, an adult human individual that pertains to the social and cultural characteristics typical that of a female sex indexed to their gender identity, well, then all of a sudden we're going to be speaking past one another because we define the word woman differently. Exactly. So for you to bring this prompt in the first place is kind of silly because you don't know what a woman is. Well, I just told you what my definition of the word woman is. You just simply overlooked it. You know, I think it would also depend on what leadership role that that person would take. For instance, if you wanted Kamala Harris, who you voted for, to be the president of the United States, we have a problem with that, and I'll tell you why. It's not necessarily the woman, but it is necessarily foreign countries. For instance, the Middle East. If I go to a Middle East country as a woman, I can't show my hair at risk of being stoned. Why are we talking about Middle Eastern countries when the prompt is men are not better than women? Because you're asking about leading. You voted for Kamala Harris. I think she would have been a horrible leader. don't always see women as respectful as they see a man. A woman leading this country, for instance, when you go to doing foreign policy and all of those things, they would not have the respect that a man would. I can also say, as a woman, depending on your age, if I've got PMS, honey, I'm gonna make different decisions than I would as if I didn't. If I'm going through menopause, I might have hot flashes or whatever else. I believe as a Christian woman, men are supposed to lead. We're supposed to help. And I'm totally comfortable with that. Okay. Well, thank you, Lori. So the first thing I want to point out here is that your position that maybe foreign countries wouldn't respect a female president as much as a male president, I don't think is represented through the fact that on the global stage, Harris had a significantly higher approval rating than Trump during the election. And there's a reason for that. Because she would have been a pushover. They would have walked right over her. And that's exactly why she had significantly better policy, better character, and would have been a better president for America. No, not at all. Not at all. But ultimately, once again, Laurie, the topic of debate is not, was Harris a better option for the president than Trump? Because even if we want to look at women and men on this macroscopic level of evaluating one woman compared to one man, even if it was true Harris was a clown and Trump was awesome, that still wouldn't mean that, generally speaking, men are better at leading than women. The last point that you made there was about PMSing. I think that you're indicating that women are more emotional than men on average. They are. 100%. Then tell me why men commit 92% of violent crimes. Tell me why they're more likely to self-unalive, commit suicide. Testosterone. So you think that testosterone is what makes men more emotional? Absolutely. Okay, well, then you just conceded the debate. No, I didn't concede. You just said that absolutely men are more emotional than men five seconds after saying that women were more emotional than men. Well, and that's kind of like somewhat of a red herring because what I'm trying to say to you, women are more emotional. They just are in more of a... I can change my mind depending on my mood. Now, you're bringing in anger, you're bringing in violence, you're bringing in... Is anger an emotion? It is, but to a different extent. And honestly, if you've got a man that's violent, out of character alone, I don't want him leading the country. Yeah, that's why you voted for... Oh, yeah. You want to get into that? I know that's another problem, but I'm happy to get into that. I guess we could get into that on the phone. He was never accused. Never accused of... Okay, we got to pause there. You've been voted out. Please return to your seat. Good to see you. Good to see you, Lori. If you would like to be the next debater, please get to the chair. In three, two, one. Welcome, welcome. Hi. I'm going to give the mic to you. Why don't you tell us all why men are better at leading than women? Men are better at leading because as a woman, I can tell you that we're emotionally manipulated very easy. We tend to be compassionate because we, as a woman, and getting pregnant, it's inherent in us. Why? Because we deal with babies. So, women deal with babies, therefore women can be manipulated? I don't think that that argument follows. But once again... We can be easily manipulated. Women can be easily manipulated. And convinced, yeah. What's the argument for that? It's inherent in us. Okay, just saying that it's inherent is like me saying that what is actually inherent of women is that they can't be easily manipulated. That doesn't give me any substance to underpin your position when you just simply underpin your position by saying, well, it's inherent. And it doesn't push this dialogue forward. I would say that men are probably easier to emotionally manipulate than women, or else they wouldn't be culpable for 92% of violent crimes. We could emotionally manipulate a man by making him lose a game of Fortnite. The next thing we know, there's three holes in his walls. All right, same thing with self-unaliving statistics. Suicide. Suicide's a really bad thing, but it is true that men are significantly more likely to kill themselves than women on average. Same thing with drunk driving, gambling. And then when we look at women, they actually perform better in the fields that are less indicative of emotional outbursts, such as performing well in school. And I mean, this is all underpinned by biology. There was a study done by the American Medical Association that proved that if you're operated on by a female compared to a male in the operating room at a hospital, that you're less likely to die or to experience any post-negative operative outcomes. Why? Because women are biologically designed to deal with stress and pain better than men, because they have thicker dendrites in their brain. So, ultimately, the science and the empirical facts completely reject the conclusions that you've formed. Not at all. Men are more rational, and women... You've been voted out by the majority, so please return to your seat. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hi. What's your name? Annette Davis Jackson. It's a pleasure to meet you. Yes, yes. So let's hear it. Why do you think that men are better at leading than women? How about I know that men lead better than women? Because women have the babies, you're emotional. But more important, I have a dad. I have a dad who is very strong. And when I see what President Trump is embodying. I say, and I know that you can roll your eyes, but you know what my grandmother used to say, you can roll your cotton balls, but you sure can't shoot them. So men are strong just like Trump because in the first day, first hundred days, what did he do? He started writing executive orders. He started writing executive orders day after day after day after day after day after day. Women would probably say, hey, let me take a break. That's why. Jesus Christ. Okay. Well, uh, listen. Clearly, I disagree with you about Trump. Uh, but that's actually not relevant to my counterargument. I'll tell you why. Because even if Trump was a good leader, that doesn't mean that, therefore, men are better at leading than women on average. Like, for instance, in the same way that you could give an anecdote of a man that you think is good at leading to justify the claim that men are better at leading than women, well, I could just give an anecdote of the opposite. Hitler was a man. He was a terrible leader. Therefore, men are worse at leading than women. All right? But clearly, that's not how it works. because we cannot attempt to allow an anecdote of what we think about one individual man to then exist as a portrait for a generalization about all men. Why did you have to say Hitler? Because he's obviously a bad leader that's a man? Yeah, and... Do you agree? The president of the United States, which is the commander-in-chief, Donald J. Trump, is a great leader. And he's a great leader because he won a landslide. And if he could run again, he would run a landslide again. Yeah, yeah, well, guess what? He's not. He's a terrible president. His policy sucks. How about this? What's your favorite Trump policy? I mean, a bill passed through Congress, then signed into law. I'm a former college coach, and not having men in women's sports. I'm sorry, what bill was that? Oh, no! Well, I'm sorry, what bill was that? I asked you a very specific question. You got to stop there that you've been voted out by the majority. Please return to your seat. Okay. All right. If you want to debate this claim, please get to the center in three, two, one. Hi, Tracy. How are you? I think I remember you. Were you on my first Surrounded episode? Maybe. Well, I'm going to pass the mic to you. Tell us why you think men are better at leading than women. It's worth me, like, reminding you and maybe everybody else in the room that so far, a lot of the people who've come up and sat in that chair have really missed the mark, like that last lady. She told me that men are better at leading than women because she likes Trump. Okay, let's hear in general why men are better at leading than women. Well, this is why I think you're going to be surprised. I actually agree with you. And why are you in the chair? And I respectfully disagree with some of them. Well, I'm just saying some of the points that they were bringing up about a woman being pregnant and because somebody can carry a baby that they're not fit to lead. I mean, it's the same argument where we say... men go to work and come home when the woman stays and handles the household and the children. So is that not a powerful position? And I also have to... I'm respectfully disagreeing here, and I want you to give me an example, if you can tell me, hypothetically, of a woman that you think would be a better leader than Trump right now. So just to clarify, you don't think men are better at leading than women? No, no, Dean, because if I'm in... I'm really happy, I'm really happy that you don't think that... I just told you, I agree with you, right? I want you and everybody else in the room to obviously not think that men are better at leading than women. But unfortunately, the nature of this Surrounded episode is where we have disagreeers in the hot seat. Yes, so I'm asking you... I'm happy you're not, though. So if we're going, if we're walking down a dark alley, let's say we're on Figueroa or something, I would be the person having to protect you. I mean, everybody's built differently. I feel like I would have to be protecting you. I'm taller. I'm sure I weigh more than you. I mean, you can take as many classes as you want. Wow. Yeah. But it's true, Dean. I'm not, listen. Men and women are... I'm not going to disrespect your ego the same way you're attempting to insult me, and that's fine. See, I'll be the bigger person here. That's the difference between the left and the right. It's a size comparison, so it depends on where this conversation is going. If you're looking at body type, I'm sorry, there are women that are larger than men. Can you guys vote her out because she doesn't think that men are better at leading than women? Tracy, it does sound like you agree on this prompt. So we're going to have you return to your seat and bring in a disagreeer. All right, if you disagree with this claim and you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hello. Your name's Julia? Julia Kate. So I want to ask you, inherent in your statement that men are not better leaders than women, there's the sense that you believe men and women are different, correct? I think that there's obviously distinctions between men and women, or else we wouldn't have two different words to refer to two different groups. Okay, so what are some of the distinctions? Well, I mean, there's distinctions in the sense of cultural and social attitudes and behaviors that are, of course, innate to men and women because I don't think that prescriptive gender norms exist. Now, from your perspective that we were to define the genders on the basis of sex, of course, then there's going to be sexual dimorphism and there's going to be differences present within that. Of course, there's a plethora of differences. Listen, I'm not denying that there are differences between men and women because, once again, if there wasn't differences between men and women, well, then we wouldn't have two distinct groups. So we agree on that. But my claim is, I don't think that any of the differences that exist between men and women would amount to being relevant to justify the claim that men are better at leading than women. Do you think women are better at leading than men? No, I actually think that gender is completely irrelevant to the prospect of if somebody is better at leading than the other person. I ultimately think that there's going to be no determinative ability, regardless if we're making the claim that men are better at leading than women or women are better at leading than men, to ever make that prescriptive claim. Okay, so what I'm hearing is that men and women are essentially interchangeable in your mind. Well, in my mind, once again, I just don't believe in the prescriptive gender norms. And I think that, ultimately, one's gender is irrelevant to their leadership capabilities. If you can tell me, what are the relevant differences between men and women that make men better at leading than women? Yes, we can go back to the hunter and gatherers, when men were the ones going out to hunt, and women were the ones staying with the children and gathering fruits and nuts. Men are the people that go towards risk, that go towards provision, naturally. Why is it that in today's, even our influencer community, we have more women that are drawn towards beauty, makeup, things like family, schooling, and men are more drawn towards traditionally masculine things. It's innate in every culture that you see this trend. We are hormonally different. That's been mentioned throughout this place. You, as a man, do not know what it's like to have a cycle, to have a period, to have your hormones go up and down. That is insanely significant for a woman's ability to lead. And women will complain about being scared to walk on the streets at night, and yet they'll elect the same politicians that release the criminals on the street. Do you think that women should lose the right to vote? I think that we, I'm not talking about that today. You just got to get a quick yes or no, then go back to the topic. I think that we need strong alpha males like Donald J. Trump, Spencer Pratt, and our loved Charlie Kirk. Oh, Jesus. Who will have secure borders, who will not let criminals on the street. Did you just ironically say strong alpha males? Strong alpha males, yeah. Bro, get a grip. Stand up. You, bro, get a grip. You're a man. You want to mansplain to me? Well, I mean, actually, you just said that men are better at leading than women, so you should listen to every word that comes out of my mouth per your perspective, right? So if you think that men are the strong alpha males and women are the emotional followers, why don't you follow my lead and listen to what I have to say? Because you don't believe what you say. I believe that male and female are created equal in the image of God. We each have the same dignity and the same value. We have the same brain, the same rationality, but we have different and distinct roles. Why is it that women can get pregnant? Only females can get pregnant. Well, of course, that would boil down to the physical biology. Physical biology. Isn't that innate that women are more geared towards child-rearing and child-raising than men are? So once again, the way that we started this conversation was by me agreeing that there are going to be differences between men and women. Exactly. So men are better leaders. I would love if I could finish. You can't say because there's differences between two things that thereby innately one of the two things is going to be better at leading than the other. I think that's ridiculous. Listen, once again, my claim is that the differences that do exist between men and women ultimately don't amount to justifying the claim that men are better at leading than women. Let me respond because you made a lot of claims. I think it's been the opposite. To respond to your claims, you said that there's a difference in the hormonal balances of men and women that, what, make women more emotional? I mean, I already went over this with... even just more emotional. It's that our bodies are not equipped to handle the same levels of cortisol as men. We need more care. They're actually more equipped. Look at Donald Trump. The man literally lives off of Diet Coke and McDonald's. Okay. We could not do that. Okay, okay, listen. Actually, women are more equipped than men to deal with stress. It is proven by the science. That's actually not true. No, I'll tell you. You could look this up. Anybody at home could look this up. Women have thicker dendrites in their brain. And study after study after study has concluded time and time and time again that this gives women the ability to better manage their stress than men. And you actually brought this up. You brought up childbirth. The reason why women have thicker dendrites in their brain, giving them a greater navigation ability, giving them a greater ability to deal with their pain and stress, is because of childbirth, okay? And that's exactly why women can deal with their stress better than men, so your claim that the opposite is true is wrong. And plus, once again, when we look in society, how men deal with stress compared to how women deal with stress, well, when a man gets mad, he commits a violent crime, he kills his wife, he kidnaps his children, he sets his house ablaze, and this is why men are significantly more likely to commit every single crime on the books, including crimes that do not have a necessity for any use of physical strength, such as arson, cyberbullying, or terroristic threats. Well, I'll happily let you speak in response to the things that I've said, as long as you're able to stay on topic in response to the meat on the bone. I am able to stay on topic because I'm a woman and I have a brain. Thank you very much. Okay, well, I guess women are better at leading than women. No, we're not. We're good in our certain roles. We have our strengths and our values. We're good at raising children. We're very smart and adaptable. But men are the people that need to be out there fighting crime for us, protecting us, so that we feel safe and we can keep our children safe. Why do you think that just historically, more men are CEOs, more men are presidents, senators, whatever kind of leadership role you want to talk about? That is not because of white supremacy, colonization, or some kind of legal limit. It's because men are drawn to those roles. Today, women have the same exact rights as men. And still, a lot of them choose to stay at home or feel that they can't stay at home because of societal pressures. Okay. Well, I think that you said it there at the end. Societal pressures. Societal pressures are the reason why I think that we've seen more men in positions of power, more men in leadership fields, and more men's calling the shot. But the position that underpins your claim here would be that if we see an over-representation of men in a field in comparison to women, that men are then by definition better performing in that field. So in the same way you're claiming that because of a vast majority of leaders are men, therefore women are worse at leading, would you also claim that that men are better at surgery than women because 85% of surgeons are men and 15% of surgeons are women. I just want to direct yes or no to my question so then I can follow this up with a dialogue. I think that most men become surgeons because it's a more masculine thing, it takes more masculine traits. Could you say something to my question? I said yes, but I want to ask you. I have to hop in here. Do you agree that men are more oppressed today than women? Men are told that they're toxic for being masculine. The only laws that prevent any gender from getting a role... Please don't vote her out. I need to respond. We have laws in favor of women getting leadership roles. We're taking opportunities away from men. You are oppressed more than me. This chick is crazy. Okay, listen, I think that you're crazy because you just said that I'm more oppressed than you while also claiming that I'm a better leader than you after making the argument that disproportionately men have been in positions of leadership throughout history when leadership is what grants power. But anyways, insanity. Listen, I asked you a question. I said, do you think that men are better at surgery than women? Because 85% of surgeons are men and 15% of surgeons are women. The reason why I ask this question is because you made the claim that men are better at leading than women because a vast majority of leaders have been men. You said, yes, Dean, because a vast majority of surgeons are men, therefore men are better. The science says, no, men are actually worse at surgery. So the American Medical Association did a study in conjunction with the Journal of the American Medical Association. They did this study on 1.4 million patients over six continents in 14 years. And what they determined consistently is that when we account for every single confounding variable that could possibly exist every single time, Men are significantly more likely to kill a patient on the operating table or to give them negative post-operative outcomes in comparison to women. It is one of the most well-accredited studies ever conducted in human history that has reasonably concluded that women are better at surgery than men, even though they account for a minority of surgeons. And this is exactly what debunks your claim that if a field is overrepresented by men, that therefore men are better at performing in it. I said it's reflective of our natural desires and what men and women are naturally drawn to. But women are better at surgery, even though they account for a minority of surgeons. That completely debunks your argument. Sure, that could be a thing, but I'm saying that actually men are drawn towards roles of risk and provision. That's because of innate biological characteristics. But women are better at surgery. And I said that you're oppressed because of society telling you that you need to be a beta woke man. You are not oppressed as a leader. Instinctually, you want to lead. You want to teach me. That's because of your nature, and I appreciate that very much, but I disagree with your claims. Okay, well, I mean, you have to concede here that your argument that men are better at leading than women because more men are leaders than women is false. That was not my argument. Okay, we've got to stop there. We're out of time, so please return to your seat. Pleasure. I've surrounded episodes you watching, got you scratching your head again, thinking, damn, I've rated myself on a Jubilee video again. Well, I got something else that's going to do the same thing to you or possibly teach you something. You've probably seen me before. I'm Austin Julio Brodden, and I'm a Christian populist. And I'm David Mauricio, and I guess I could call myself a progressive. On this show, we're doing something revolutionary. We're trying to bridge the gap in a uniquely divided America by destroying these echo chambers and addressing the issues plaguing everyday Americans. Tune into our show, The Split, Sunday, June 28th on Jubilee. My next surrounded claim is Donald Trump is a misogynistic sexual predator. Okay, if you want to debate this claim, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hello, my name is Shiva Bagheri. What's your name? Shiva Bagheri. Shiva Bagheri. Well, would you like me to take it away by explaining to you why I think Donald Trump is a misogynistic sexual predator? First and foremost, he's a sexual predator because the court has held him simply liable for rape. A woman by the name of E. Jean Carroll, of course, writing somebody is something that would make one a sexual predator. In 2005, he also boasted about engaging in sexual violence by sexually exploiting beauty pageant contestants at the beauty pageants that he owned by barging into their dressing rooms and looking at their naked bodies. And this isn't an allegation from some woman that you could defame and say just wants money or fame. No, this was an admittance of guilt, something that Donald Trump said he did on Howard Stern's radio show. And I see you shaking your head. I'll happily play you the clip if you want. Yes, please, please show me the clip, because I do not believe it. Yes, take it out. Don't worry, I got it preloaded. Okay, good. So you have done that. I'll tell you the funniest is that I'll go backstage before a show, and everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else, and no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant, and therefore I'm inspecting it. I'm inspecting, I want to make sure that everything's good. Is everyone okay? Is everybody okay? And you see these incredible-looking women and so i sort of get away with things like that why don't we start there mike's yours okay well he said that he probably sees them it doesn't say they're naked there so i they might have no it doesn't he said that they have no clothes on when you have no clothes on no who who said that they didn't have clothes on donald trump he didn't say that in the clip yeah i'll show you okay again i want to hear it again There you go. He didn't actually say clothes. I think it's important for us to be intelligent, rational people who say no clothes. Howard Stern says, so you're like a doctor. I definitely don't agree with that. Why did Howard Stern say you're like a doctor? Because doctors get to see people naked. I don't agree with that. But men are men, and men have testosterone, and men love beautiful women. And trust me, I would prefer a man that actually looks at women and is sexually attracted to women than someone that is not. And I actually like looking at women, too, and I'm not even a lesbian, but I think women's bodies are beautiful. It's like art to me. Ma'am, I'm sorry. No, no, I'm sorry. It's art to me. This is disgusting. You just told me that you would prefer a man who, quote, unquote, likes the female body and is willing to barge into the private women's only dressing rooms to look at them while they have no clothes on. I said before that you're saying, I think that real men with testosterone are sexual predators. So you just lied about me right now because I said I don't believe what he did was right. But I would prefer a man who likes to look at the naked bodies of women. Oh, I've been over someone that is attracted to other men. Why? Absolutely. Because it's not natural. It's not natural to be gay? It's natural to be attracted to the opposite sex. Define natural. Natural is what God made, Adam and Eve. So God didn't make gay people? Well, actually... I thought that God was the creator of all... No, no, that's sin. And sin came from the devil. No, no, sin is a conscious decision. Being gay is not a conscious decision. Well, actually, being gay is a conscious decision. Okay, could you choose to be gay? It's an action. Could you choose to be gay? Yes, absolutely. I actually could have chose to be gay when I was younger. Could you choose to be attracted to your mom? A lot of women actually... Could you choose to be attracted to your mom? If attractions are a choice, could you choose to be attracted to your mom? Can you choose to be a pedophile? No, I couldn't choose to be a pedophile. Could you choose to be attracted to your mom? Oh, so there you go. He thinks, no, it's an action, honey. And you can choose to sin or you can choose not to sin. I try to keep the devil away from me. Can I just get a clear answer to the question? No, this is a clear answer. But see, you don't come from a biblical standpoint. What are the first four books in the New Testament? I come from a biblical standpoint that there's two sexes. There's no 50 different genders. That came from a pedophile named John Money who lied about a study to push reassignment surgery on thousands of people through his lie that butchered this poor boy and put him through hell. Reimer twins, go look it up on Oprah. I'm going to ask the question again. You don't live in... I'm gonna ask the question again. I live in reality where I know that a tree's a tree, a woman is a woman, a man's a man, and if you are choosing... And a moron's a moron. And if you're choosing... Oh, see, that's what they do. When they can't win an argument, they go for calling me. Okay, pause, pause. Everybody pause. Dean, we gotta ask that you don't do personal attacks. That's a warning. Okay, all right, so first and foremost, the question once again was, could you choose to be attracted to your mother? The reason why I'm asking you this question is because you had suggested that all attractions are a choice. It is a choice. So please, with just a concise yes or no, could you choose to literally be sexually aroused by your mother? So there's two possible answers to this question. The first possible answer is yes, Dean, I could choose to be attracted to my own mother. And the second possible answer would be no, Dean, I could not choose to be sexually aroused by my own mother. So what's your answer? It's a hook. Do you have a yes or no for that? No, because this is a hook. Because I will never be attracted to my mother and father. But could you choose? Because it's a choice, but I would never do that because I'm a Christian. So could you choose? That's it. I'm not going to say that on camera. That's weird. And I'm not going to be in the hook of this young man, this 21-year-old, telling a 52-year-old to say something disgusting like that. So you admit that it's disgusting to think that you could choose to be attracted to your mother. We got to stop there that you've been voted out by the majority. Please return to your seat. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Howdy! Hi Dean, how are you? I'm doing phenomenal. My name is Zuriel. Zuriel, it's a pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. We're going to go back to the prompt. I think that Donald Trump is a misogynistic sexual predator. The reasons why I think this are some of them that I shared with the last guest. It's because I think that Donald Trump is a . He had a civil court determine that he raped a woman by the name of E. Jean Carroll. We listened to that clip of Donald Trump bragging about engaging in sexual violence. Listen, I take a sexual predator to be somebody that is engaged in sexual violence. Donald Trump bragged about that when he said he'd barge into the dressing rooms of the women at Miss Teen USA and Miss USA. If Donald Trump's admission of guilt in that clip that I played to The Last Lady is true, and this is indeed something that Donald Trump has done, then by definition, Donald Trump would be a sexual predator, and thereby, by definition, I'd be right. Can we both agree that people in power of elites, elitists, people up there in politics, all have their own, maybe their own immoral traits to how, why they're running for candidacy? Like, we've heard about Epstein files, all these different people that, you know, Maybe they're not really here to make a change for us. Can we agree with that? I could care less about what Donald Trump says on the media, because as long as he does his very best to be a good president and do the best for this economy, I don't vote for a president based off, oh, their character. I vote for them based off what they can get done, honestly. I would like to just take a moment. Let's look at what you said. Are you saying, Dean, it's true Donald Trump is a misogynistic sexual predator, but I could care less because of his policy? What I'm saying is, we obviously can't deny that maybe he has bad traits of his character. I'm not gonna agree that. I don't know everything about Trump like you do. But what I care about is his economy. I don't care about what he has to say on the news. Let's start from the top of this debate. You sit down. I tell you Donald Trump is a sexual predator. I tell you he's a sexual predator because he raped a woman and boasted about sexually exploiting beauty pageant contestants. The reason why I'm not responding to your claim is because I don't know much about what you see in the courthouse and whatnot. Let's just test your logic. What do you say? Dean, even if it was true Donald Trump was a sexual predator, because you don't know about the evidence for it, which is something you should look into on your own time, I would still support him as president and could care less. Is that your position? I would still support him as president because he does what's best for the economy and for the American dream. Okay, we've got to stop. We've got to pause there. You've been voted out. We've got to pause there. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Quote-unquote, I would still support Donald Trump as president if he was a sexual predator. If he was a child, they'd still support him. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. I'm Liz. Nice to meet you, Liz. Nice to meet you. Listen, I think that you've heard my arguments. You happen to be sitting in a position where you could hear my voice. The mic is yours. Okay, so my question is, because you mentioned Donald Trump going into the women's locker rooms, are all trans people sexual predators? So I would not say that trans women are sexual predators for using the women's restroom. I think that the definition of sexual violence would be any sexual act that is done without consent, and I don't think that this would be true of trans women who use a women's restroom. And I have an argument for why I think that trans women should be able to use a women's restroom, but let's try to take advantage of our time. Instead of me giving you my argument, let's just hopefully stay on topic with the claim that Donald Trump is a sexual predator because he's a woman. He's boasted about sexually exploiting women by barging into their dressing rooms and looking at their naked bodies without consent and telling Howard Stern how much he loved it and how incredible they looked. He's mentioned the Epstein Files over a million times. But the women, the young women in sports who do not want biological men in their dressing rooms, doesn't that go against them? What about their safety? I would love to have a conversation with you about trans people in dressing rooms, or sorry, more so locker rooms. And I understand where you're coming from if you say, well, I don't want a trans woman in my dressing room because I would see their naked body and their genitalia. And the reason why I get it, the reason why I understand where you're coming from is because even when I go into my gym's locker room and I see other dudes with their dicks out, I'm like, hey, bro, I don't really want them to see me, I don't want them to see me. So I actually, I advocate, I advocate, one moment, I advocate for a unisex, unistall, one person at one time changing rooms in locker rooms and gyms and sports across the country. That's my position. Let's talk about the claim, that Donald Trump is a sexual predator. Well, you're not. Do you accept that Donald Trump is a sexual predator? I can accuse you of being a sexual predator. And if I admitted to doing it, then it would be true. Donald Trump admitted to barging into those dressing rooms, and a court found him guilty of raping E. Jean Carroll. No, we didn't. No, they didn't. That's a lie. They certainly did. No, they didn't. Yes, they did. Listen, do you accept that the definition of rape would include the penetration of a woman's vagina with any part of a man's body, including his fingers? Without consent. Yeah. So, specifically, the action that the jury found Donald Trump guilty for was forcefully penetrating E. Jean Carroll's... I think what's going on right now in the world with men and women is that women are accusing a lot of men of rape. And until I see actual proof, because a jury can disagree with anything, that's something else, okay? Until there is actual proof and evidence, and if you can show me the proof that Donald Trump raped her, then fine. Thank you so much for the great question. What's all the evidence? So the first form of evidence that we would have would be E. Jean Carroll's testimony, which has maintained consistency for the last 30 years as corroborated by four of her friends that testified under penalty of perjury. The second form of evidence that we'd have here... And no one's lied under penalty of perjury. Well, can you please, like, examine the evidence in which I provide as soon as I'm done providing it? No, I'm sorry. I apologize. Go ahead. We have therapist notes from the 90s indicating she was by Trump. We have the testimony of a psychotherapist that said when E. Jean Carroll was testifying to the fact she was by Donald Trump, she was exhibiting signs consistent with true trauma that we'd expect to be onset by a true victim of... Then we have Donald Trump's lies and inconsistencies. He lied. He said that he never met her as a part of his testimony for his defense, and then E. Jean Carroll responded by submitting a photo of them together to court. Do you remember every single one? I'm not done with the evidence. I'm not done with the evidence. We have another lie and inconsistency on Donald Trump's behalf. He also said that he never raped her because she wasn't his type, but then he confused a picture of E. Jean Carroll to be his ex-wife Marla Maples under deposition, so clearly she was his type. Then we also have E.G. Carroll's dress. E.G. Carroll submitted a dress to the court claiming it was the dress that she was wrapped in by Donald Trump. Court confirmed it had male DNA on it. And then when the court asked Donald Trump to provide a DNA sample to test against the DNA in the dress, he said, no, no, no, no, no. Doesn't sound like something an innocent man would do. And then the last and final piece of evidence we have would be his character priors. Listen, we all know... that a one-time felon is around 73% more likely to engage in another felony compared to somebody that's never committed a crime in their life. The same thing rings true about being a sexual predator. So because Donald Trump has character priors with engaging in sexual predation, like the dressing room clip, proudly boasting about sexually exploiting naked women and girls, or like the Access Hollywood tape where he literally said that he would just grab women by their vaginas without asking first, and that's precisely what the jury found him guilty of doing, or everything to do with the Epstein files, that in consideration with the direct evidence submitted by Eugene Carroll and his lies, is absolutely what demonstrates Donald Trump raped E. Jean Carroll. Okay, we got to stop there. We got to stop there. The flags are up. You've been voted out. Please return to your seat. Yeah. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. I'm Gina. Nice to meet you too, Gina. Thank you. First of all, if Trump was truly a predator, he would have never reported Epstein to the feds. Yeah, he didn't. In the 90s. He did. Do you mean 2006? Yeah, sorry, 2006. That's okay. Also, was he ever on the island? Well, I don't think that there's any evidence to demonstrate he was on the island. He was never on the island. Because I don't think he needed to go to the island to give it off. Listen, about the 2006 quote-unquote report to the feds about Epstein, he didn't report him to the feds. Epstein got arrested and then Donald Trump turned around, called the local sheriff and said, oh, thank God you got him. We've known about what Epstein's been doing all along, which A, indicates that Donald Trump knew what Epstein was doing with Maxwell and didn't report to the cops prior to Epstein's original arrest. And B, indicates that Donald Trump has been lying to us about the nature of his relationship with Epstein for the last 10 years. We've all heard Donald Trump say that he never knew what Epstein was doing, was never involved and was completely oblivious. But according to that report to the sheriff, of course he knew. Okay, so first of all, if he did do something, believe me, they would have found it. They had to make the Russian dossier up. They had to make things up to get Trump. Trump doesn't have to be a sexual predator. Any woman would love to be with Trump. Okay? Any woman. Do you have a husband? No. Okay. Wait, let's actually test that. Could I have all the women with husbands or boyfriends in the room raise their hands? So her claim is that any woman would love to be with Trump. Would you guys cheat on your husbands and boyfriends with Trump? Well, we didn't say if they were married, not if we were married. I mean, instead of anybody who's in a relationship, is there anybody who would want to be with Donald Trump? Yeah, let's do it the other way around. He doesn't have to be a sexual predator. Who? Okay. All right, listen. Put your hand up if you would have sex with Donald Trump. If I was married to Donald Trump, yes. And I'd love to be. That's crazy. Do you prefer Clinton? Why don't we talk about sexual predators as far as Bill Clinton? Why? It's not about the bones. Because he's a predator. Trump doesn't have to be a sexual predator. Trump did report him to the feds. I thought I clarified that's not what happened. You're wrong. I'm wrong? Show me that. Give me evidence. First of all, Virginia Guthrie worked at Mar-a-Lago in the early 2000s, and he prompted her to come and work for him as a massage therapist. Trump was pissed, and he reported Epstein. Okay, well, I would recommend looking at the fact check that will likely be on the video screen that says, actually, he placed this phone call after Epstein was arrested to thank the cop and to tip them off about Jelaine Maxwell. Because that's what the fact check is going to say. What's the difference? Well, the difference is in one scenario, he's reporting the crime to the cop to then get Epstein arrested. In the secondary scenario, he's thanking the cop after Epstein's arrest and indicating that he knew about what he was doing. And he added to the indictments. I think that in many scenarios, what we'll see from quote-unquote co-conspirators of criminals is, well, once their friend gets arrested for the same crime that they committed, we'll turn around and be all lovey-dovey to the police to try to, like, you know, indicate and promote the idea that they were involved. And the only reason why I bring this up isn't to say I know with certainty that this is exactly what Trump did, but it's rather to give plausible doubt to your argument that because he did this, we know he's not a sexual predator, even though he admitted to it on Howard Stern's radio show and even though court found him guilty of rape. A court never found him guilty. First of all, if he was guilty, he'd be in chains right now. That's not how civil courts work. They had to make... Yeah, it is. Civil courts don't send people to jail. They hold people financially liable. That's the nature of our criminal justice system. But he would have been in jail. You're not familiar with statute of limitations, then. I'm familiar with that. What's the statute of limitations? you can only accuse somebody within a matter of time. But right now, it's 30 years. So if E. Jean Carroll came out after the statute of limitations had passed for sexual abuse in the state of New York against Donald Trump, do you agree that even if she had a video of it happening to her, he wouldn't be in jail because of the statute of limitations? That's not true. There is no statute of limitations when it comes to... So, by the law, okay, the crime that Donald Trump committed, per the New York State legal definition of rape and sexual abuse in 2019 through 2022... He never committed that crime. ...was specifically sexual abuse, okay? Because, legally speaking, in New York, they only defined rape as penile penetration of the vagina. And she testified that he raped her with his fingers instead of his penis. So, because of that... No, that's a lie. There's no proof of that. ...it would be legally categorized as sexual abuse. And that's the crime that had a statute of limitations on it. She's out of her mind. She's insane. And they threw the case out just recently. Okay, what do you think she says there? We got to pause there. You've been voted out. I just want to get a real quick raise of hands. This is not to shame anybody. I was just genuinely curious. Raise your flag really clearly so we could get a poll if Donald Trump's like, you know, when he was in his 40s, if you think he was an attractive man. I just want to get a raise of flags. This is so concerning. Keep your flag up if you think he is currently still hot. Okay, I appreciate it. All right, if you would like to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. All right, Lori, mic and the floor are yours. What are your thoughts about Trump barging into the dressing rooms of the beauty magic contestants? Okay, you know, you may not imagine this, but when I was your age, I was a model. And I can tell you for a fact, every fashion show, every modeling call, There are men in the dressing room. There are makeup artists. There are designers. It's not uncommon. And you're making it as if it's this big, huge deal. Donald Trump, at the time, was the head of the Miss Universe and Miss USA pageant. It wouldn't be surprising if I was in there changing for him to walk in. And you guys, because of... Oh, let's look at the camera. He's got a face for that one, too. Let's go to E. Jean Carroll, since she already went over this for 20 minutes. Can I respond to that? Uh, sure, but we're down to one minute. You've already talked about this. It'll only take me five words. Trump said that there were no men anywhere. Well, he... I don't care what he said. I'm saying as a woman that's been backstage at many, many fashion shows... Well, he was the owner. He was the one backstage. He said that he was the only man back then. Well, and I'm sure that there were other men. Forever or just that instance? I'm not buying it. Okay, we got 50 seconds. I'm going. E.G. and Carol. E. Jean Carroll, number one, the statute of limitations had run out. Number two, for a very long time, she never reported it to anyone until Reid Hoffman paid her to freaking go after this lawsuit. Why she is now being charged with perjury. Not only that, as a celebrity walking into... Bergdorf Gordmans, you don't think that anybody would have a picture of him? And no offense, I don't trust a woman that named her cat Vagina and freaking said rape was sexy and charged 21 other men with that crime on Larry King. Laurie, you're going to get another fact check. No, well, you go ahead and fact check. Larry King, she said rape was sexy. Yeah, I will check. Oh, you're wrong about Larry King, too. No, I'm not. Your mind's a mess. Okay. Your mind's a mess. You know, Laurie, there's something quite barbaric about MAGA, about this alt-right movement that's hinged on this paraxis of propaganda and useless and futile lies. And then when anybody tries to check these lies, well, then all of a sudden, the provocateurs of this movement get mad, start screaming, start yelling, start saying that they kicked our asses, and then they don't let us speak. Listen, you made a couple false claims. You claimed that E. Jean Carroll had said that rape is sexy on an Anderson Cooper interview. That's not what she said. If you watch the interview with Anderson Cooper, you will hear her say verbatim that what happened to her was not sexual, was not sexy, quote-unquote, it just hurt. And then Anderson Cooper responded to E. Jean Carroll by saying, well, I think that most people think of is, like, this hurtful, violent thing. And then she responded by saying, well, actually, I think most people think of is sexy. And the reason why she said that is because we form our own versions of reality predicated on our own experiences. So when you have the experience of sexual violence, when you have the experience of sexual violence, when you go through the experience of sexual violence, when you go through, yes. When you go through the experience of sexual violence, you're more likely to be more hypercritical and aware of crazy people in the world around us that downplay it, legitimize it, or fantasize about it. So maybe it was descriptively incorrect. It wasn't true when she said most people think of is sexy. But regardless of that, that's not her saying that she thinks of is sexy. So stop misinterpreting the genuine claims made by a victim of predicated off of the trauma that they went through. Quite frankly, Lori, I think that is disgusting. Well, I think it's disgusting because I was a victim of actual and abuse. And if you want to compare what happened in the Epstein files, let me just tell you, I was one of those little girls, okay? I'm sorry to hear that, Lori. I was one of those little girls, but the guy was Hugh Hefner. So for you to sit here and sit there and say it's disgusting, I'm sorry, I don't agree with the woman as a woman who was abused. I don't agree with the attacks falsely on Donald Trump because of the crap that your side always has to push because you got such bad TDS, it's insane. That woman is a nut job. I knew somebody that worked with her at Simon & Schuster said that she was so inappropriate, she also accused 21 other men of the same freaking crime. Name five of them. I don't know their names. Because they don't exist. We're out of time. We have to pause there. Great job, everybody. We are currently casting three new episodes of Surrounded. If you're a passionate debater who fits into any of the categories currently on your screen, we'd love to hear from you. You can apply through our website, jubileemedia.com slash casting, or click on the link in the description. Feel free to spread the word to friends, family, or relatives who would be eager to join the circle. If you don't see anything that you're right for, fill out our open casting application and our casting team will reach out if you're a fit for future videos. My next surrounded claim is abortion should be legal. If you want to debate this claim, please get to the center in three, two, one. Hello again. Welcome back. Mic's yours. I'll let you take it away. Okay, well, I have a question for you. Okay. Do you believe in equality? Well, I mean, I think that's a very vague question, but generally, of course. Okay, so if you do, then all humans are equal, correct? No, I don't think that all humans are equal, and I don't think you do either. Oh, I absolutely think that all humans have a right to life, liberty, and a pursuit of happiness. Really? It's part of our Bill of Rights. Okay. And if you actually love our Constitution and our Bill of Rights, then you would believe what I believe. Well, I mean, it says people, but small distinction there. I want to ask you a question. Is it murder for a doctor to pull the plug on a brain-dead patient in the hospital? Um, some people actually write what they want done. You know, they say, hey, if I become brain dead, then pull the plug. Yeah, but for instance, if they don't do that, okay, like, for instance, I haven't done that. If, when I leave the set today, I get into a nasty car accident, I get T-boned by a drunk driver, I go brain dead. Okay, would it be murder for, like, my family to tell the doctor at the hospital, well, because he's brain dead, let's just go ahead and pull the plug. Would that be murder? I honestly, you're talking to someone that is very skeptical of doctors, okay? And even they talk about brain-dead people that weren't actually brain-dead. True, good point. So I, you know, that's why I always leave up everything to God. So when I die is when I die. I want to clarify that. So I actually don't want to be killed, but now if you're on all these machines to keep you alive, if it's months and months and you're not getting better, then you're using machines to keep you alive. But they're still alive and you still don't think it's murder to kill them. So you actually don't think that all humans have this intrinsic right to life. And by the way, I never said no, you don't speak for me. Again, I just told you I don't believe in doctors. So I don't go to the hospital. I have not gone to the hospital in a long time. Because I believe when it's my time, it's my time. Now, question for you. So when do you think life begins? I think that life begins at the moment of conception. Good. I'm glad you believe that. You're a Christian and you base your morality off of Christianity. And that's called science. And see, it seems like the people that say we're anti-science, they're anti-science because they don't believe man and woman. They believe genders. I want to ask you a question about abortion. Okay. You made the claim that all humans are equal. Every single human has the identical right to life. That is a claim that fundamentally... Everybody rejects in one way or another. Actually, no, I didn't say that. So, see, you're putting more into the sentence that I did not add. Your opener was about equality for everyone. I said, for life, liberty in a pursuit of happiness. Which would be the right to life. Now, if you're a murderer, I do believe in capital punishment, but because of your actions, So that's where I don't believe in equality is like, is a baby and a murder the same? No, because a baby's innocent. A civil society protects the most innocent and vulnerable. They don't go and murder them. That is a satanic society, and I reject a satanic society. Okay, we've got to stop there. You've been voted out. Okay. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi, Tish. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you as well. Why should abortion be illegal? Well, let me tell you, ask you something. Abortion is legal here. What procedure do you prefer? The suction, the dye in the... What is it? Uh, I don't know, the most brutalistic, gross one, where we chop up all their limbs and throw them in the trash. Listen. Really, that's gross. That is so gross. I know, I'm rage-betting you. I have four children, a set of twins. I would never, ever do that to my children. Would you have your girlfriend do that to your child? Well, ultimately, I think it's a choice. Do you have a girlfriend? I do. Ultimately, I think that it's a choice of the woman. So, if you want to tell me that you never get an abortion, No. All the power to you. I love that for you, because that's your choice, and I think that's great. But listen, I don't think that abortion is murder, because I don't think that there's any trait that we can identify to be true of a fetus, which we fundamentally would value enough to grant the right to life. The last person on the mic said, well, fundamentally, all humans have the same right to life, and that's something that we hear from a lot of pro-lifers. As I was attempting to communicate to her, everybody rejects that view in one way or another. So I want to hear your argument insofar as why it's morally wrong for a woman to get an abortion, outside of it's gross. Because grotesqueness doesn't arbitrate morality. Like, taking a shit's pretty gross. Shit smells like shit, right? But we're not going to say it's morally wrong to take a shit, even though it's gross. So what's the argument that abortion is wrong? Let me just ask you this. Everyone's really, really focused on, you know, it should be the right for every woman. Why don't you think about it the other way and think about, why don't you prevent all these women who don't want to have babies? Why aren't you guys helping them prevent pregnancies? We do. And I agree, we should. Yes, we should. 100%. And we need access to comprehensive sex ed in schools. We need free and fair access to contra... In schools? Yeah, of course. At what age? At an age-appropriate level, I would say starting in late middle school. Because, I mean, I was in middle school, you were in middle school, we were all in middle school. The second thing that I think is also important here would be free and fair access to contraceptives. And we should also try to find ways to limit financial instability in young women and young men, because the leading cause of women accessing abortion is financial instability. But you still haven't answered the question, and you've been up here for a while. I want to hear why you think that abortion is wrong. I think that you're struggling to come up with an argument. Because it is murder. And the definition of murder would be the unjust termination of human life. Explain why you think it's unjust. First of all, a woman who has a pregnancy, a baby in there, they have the right to life too. What grants the fetus the right to life? What grants it just that it's been conceived? The fact that it's a human? It is a human. Okay, so brain dead patients have the right to life too? So what, brain dead? Yeah, they're human. You know what? I've heard of brain dead humans coming out of comas. Then they're not brain dead. The definition of brain death is irreversible cessation of all cognitive function. Do humans who are biologically alive because of machines with irreversible cessation of all cognitive function have the right to life? I haven't really researched that, so if there was no hope, possibly, they should... I mean, that's not my decision to make. That's a family member's... Okay, so you think it should be up to the choice of the family to kill a human that doesn't have the right to life. So you don't think that all humans have the right to life. But if they're brain dead, are they really alive? Yes, biologically they are. You know what? That's a determination that I would have to take with a medical doctor. Say the same thing about women for abortion. No, I don't believe that a woman has that even right, that a woman should be able to get an abortion here in California. No, I don't. We have to pause there. You've been voted out. Thanks for your time, Tish. Okay, if you want to be the next debater, please get to the center chair in three, two, one. Hi, Dean. I'm Enya. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. So I couldn't hear a lot of what you were kind of saying a while ago, but what were you saying was brain-dead people about if they should be unplugged? Well, I brought up a brain-dead patient as a counterexample to the claim that, well, the reason why it's memorial, the reason why it's murdered to kill a fetus is because the fetus is a member of the human species. Yes. So brain-dead patients on a biological level... And they should not be unplugged. And I think actually any argument that anyone makes for a brain-dead patient to be unplugged is actually coming from the doctors who want to harvest organs and to promote the organ donation industry culture. And I think that any kind of promotion that even manipulates families into unplugging their brain-dead relatives is also immoral. Yeah, I think we agree. We agree on that. So organ harvesting aside, if a family wants to unplug a brain-dead family member because it's the end of the road, that would be murder? Yeah. But I think the doctor, it would be murder from the doctor in the same way that So you truly think it's murder to kill any member of the human species. What about a zygote? That is also murder. So if I kill a unicellular organism, I'm a murderer? Do you think that all murderers should go to jail? Human zygotes. It's about humans. So do you think that all murderers should go to jail? All murderers should be put into trial and tried. But if they're truly murderers, like that's an uncontestable fact. Then yeah, they should be put to death. They should be put to death. I do believe in the death penalty. Wow, okay, so here's the thing. Do you know what an IUD is? Yeah. So an IUD, an intrauterine device, in some circumstances... I already know where you're gonna go with this. ...will allow for conception to occur, but then it will implant... Well, then it will prevent the implantation of the now-conceived zygote. The purpose of the IUD is to prevent implantation. If it leads to death, then it didn't fulfill its purpose. It went beyond that. That's a secondary purpose. So the main purpose of an IUD would be to prevent conception, but when that fails, the secondary purpose is to then prevent its implantation. So if a woman knows that sometimes IUDs will allow for conception to occur, then they kill that conceived zygote, and they still yet choose to be sexually active, then inevitably they conceive a zygote, and it dies because of the IUD. I think that when people have IUDs implanted, it is not for anything beyond just the prevention. It is not done for the murder of any kind of implanted... Well, because it's a secondary purpose and function of the IUD, if a woman knows that, then she's agreeing to the culpability of possibly having her actions yield the death of another person. Okay? And under your view and hopefully mine, that would be murder given that the person that she's killing through her actions by secondary order is valuable. But that was not the primary purpose of the IUD. Well, if I buy a gun with a primary purpose of going hunting, but then one day I get really mad and I use it to kill my neighbor, okay, I'm still a murderer. No, the primary purpose of the gun is to shoot. Your primary purpose is hunting. Maybe a better example is a car. Your secondary purpose by that argument was to shoot that person. A better example is a car. If I buy a car to get from point A to point B, but then one day I get drunk and I use it to wipe out a family of five, am I a murderer? Yes. Even though that wasn't the primary function of the car? Yes, because you use that car in the same way you use the gun as a weapon. Okay, so even though killing a zygote is not the primary function of an IUD, when it does kill a zygote, under your view, it's murder? But even though the primary purpose of the car is for driving, you used it for something beyond that. Its secondary purpose was not to be driven drunk and kill... Well, the secondary purpose of an IUD is to kill a Zygo. But listen, I think that ultimately the primary or secondary purpose argument is irrelevant because what we should be evaluating... I agree. is did a valuable life die and is a person culpable for the termination of that valuable life? And if a valuable life died and a person is culpable for the termination of that valuable life... No, because it was used only for its primary purpose of preventing the pregnancy in the first place. Okay, so I just want to clarify. You don't think in all scenarios when an individual terminates a valuable life unjustifiably so, and they are culpable for said termination that they're a murderer, well, then you're just completely redefining what murder even is by introducing the abstract nuance of this quote-unquote primary or secondary purpose argument. At the end of the day, the fact of the matter is, In many scenarios, women will get an IUD knowing that in many cases, the IUD will lead to the death of a conceived zygote, and they will know it will lead to that in many scenarios, then they will still choose to be sexually active, and then the IUD will kill. Under your view, that would mean that that woman is culpable for murder. Therefore, under your view, that woman should be executed. You kind of said a lot there. We have to pause there. You've been voted out. Okay. If you would like to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Howdy. Hi, Shannon. Shannon, Dean, pleasure to meet you. So I want to know why you think that killing babies should be legal. Of course, because I'm a brutalistic Satanist and I love the DNC and I'm the leader of Antifa. Listen, the reason why I think abortion should be legal is because I don't think that abortion is morally wrong. I think it's a permissible action. And because I think it's a permissible action, I therefore don't see any good reason to infringe on a woman's bodily autonomy in the legal prevention of her access to abortion. Therefore, it's a human rights violation. So you don't understand that it's like killing, you don't think it's killing a human being? No, I do. And you're okay with that? Yes. Okay. You don't think that we should focus more on preventable measures? Because you can, you don't have to have an abortion. Oh, well, I also disagree there. I do think that we should focus on preventable measures. In my optimal society, there's zero abortions. Okay? Not because we're forcing women to not get them, but rather because the conditions in which lead women to get them don't exist, such as poverty, financial instability, a lack of sexual education, the failure of contraceptives. In my ideal society, those things wouldn't exist. Do you know that if a woman gets pregnant and she's not financially able to keep the baby and she doesn't want the baby, she could at least take Plan B? Yeah. And I think that that would be a good fact of sexual education to share with the world. It's like 20 bucks. That Plan B exists. Well, I mean, actually, Plan B is $55. There's off-brand versions that are 20. And I think that that is a good piece of recommendation. But ultimately, if they don't take a Plan B, or whatever, like, happens after the pregnancy, they should be able to access abortion. Hey, I want to ask you this question. Do you think that victims of... should be able to access abortion? No, because they could also take a morning-after pill if they get... If I were to get... I would go take a morning-after pill the very next day. Wow. So you think that a victim would have an obligation to maintain a pregnancy. Is that because that if they were to, like, cessate or stop the pregnancy, the fetus would die? Okay, of course it is. So I want to ask you a question. Do you know who Max Erby is? Yeah. So Max Erby is a 15-, 14-year-old guy, and he's in dire need of a stem cell transplant. And this is a true story. You could look it up. And his stem cell type is so incredibly rare that his father set up a quote-unquote fundraiser for his son, taking random DNA samples in from people across the globe. So far, they've collected 40 million samples, and there hasn't been one match. What this means is that there's probably only one match alive on the face of planet Earth that could provide stem cells to Max Serbi to save his life. So let's hypothetically assume that you are the one and only match for Max Irby's stem cell type, and the government finds this out. Then the government forces you to provide your stem cells to Max Irby without your consent for nine months, introducing many physical and mental complications. Do you think that'd be just? No. No, because they shouldn't be able to force you to provide your bodily resources to another life, even if not providing your bodily resources would mean that other life dies. That's my position on victims. They shouldn't be forced to provide domicile in their uterus and access to their bodily resources to the fetus, even if stopping the sustenance of those bodily resources to the fetus means the fetus dies. No difference than Max Herbie. This is a tough one for me because I have mixed feelings about it, obviously, because that's a horrible situation to be in. But I do, like I said earlier, morning after pill. Well, could you respond to the argument? We have to pause there. You've been voted out. Hey, listen, I appreciate you for the respectful dialogue. By the way, I want to tell you I respect you a lot. I saw when you cried for Charlie Kirk, you actually have a soul. Have a good one. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hello, I'm Georgia. Georgia, pleasure to meet you. You said that you work for a pro-life org? Yes, I do. Very, very interesting. All right, let's talk about it. Do you guys focus on, like, preventative means from pregnancy in the first place? Like, do you guys have, like, policy initiatives to, like, reduce financial instability or poverty? So what abortion does is it incentivizes people to live in a promiscuous way that further increases the rates of pregnancies that are not in a stable situation like marriage. And so I'm actually against contraception. Being pro-contraceptive would save the lives of more innocent babies under your view. So killing an innocent human being is always wrong. Abortion kills an innocent human being. Therefore, abortion is always wrong. And allowing abortion just reflects our overall decay as a society when it comes to the way we view sexuality, marriage, and it just leads to a culture of death. When you have abortion, it leads to... things like MAID in Canada, what abortion is is we're allowing the government to have the authority to define when personhood begins because we're separating it from the moment of conception. And if it's not at the moment of conception, then the most powerful person gets to decide when it begins. And that's always subjective. And when more powerful people have that authority or allow themselves to have that authority to define when personhood begins, you have grave travesties like slavery, if it's a subjective line, then when does that begin? When does personhood begin? And when you say it doesn't begin at conception, it's actually what you're arguing is a very suspicious, mystical idea of when it does. And that sounds more superstitious than Christianity. Well, thank you for your comments. About your syllogism, I'd reject P1. Don't think it's always wrong to kill an innocent human being. To intentionally kill an innocent human being, you don't think it's always wrong to intentionally kill an innocent human being. Like I've said to the last five guests, I mean, we do that to brain dead patients all the time. Okay, so that's to withhold care from them that sustains their life. That's different than intentionally going there and killing them. Okay, so then you're on board with the abortion pill, withholding the progesterone supplied through the umbilical cord that would sustain the life of the fetus. I'm completely against the abortion pill. But it's just withholding care that would sustain the fetus's life. It's different, though, in nature. Because what we're doing is what happens, occurs in the uterus is solely for the service of the fetus. The uterus does not exist to serve the woman. They exist to serve the child. What abortion is, is the actual destruction of that child. It reflects the destruction of our idea of parental duty. Parents have a duty to care for their children. What's your question? Uh, my question is, let's just, like, envision a hypothetical of, like, a nine-year-old girl getting raped and impregnated. Uh, and we know that pregnancy's not gonna kill her. Per your syllogism that you gave earlier, it seems to be the case that you'd argue it would be wrong for her to get an abortion. Is this true? Abortion only continues to perpetuate violence, the cycle of violence. It only increases the trauma to that child. And what we would do, we would still try to minimize the trauma of pregnancy for that nine-year-old. I am completely against abortion in all cases, period. And that's the consistent pro-life stance. Wow. What about when it's like the life of the mother on the line? Okay, so that's nonsense. What we have is exactly, we have C-section. What if it's before viability? That simply does not happen. What if it did? Would you be okay with it? There's no what ifs. Listen. It's a good question. It simply does not happen. By the way, it does absolutely happen. OK, our medical technology is so sophisticated today. Could you just answer the question? Like, would you be OK with it? The silly idea that there is a black and white, the life of the mother. The technology we have today is where we can try it. We can operate on fetuses. OK. And the child can continue. If a medical professional determines that a pregnant woman will die if she doesn't get an emergency C-section or abortion... Okay, then do the emergency C-section, Dean. You just proved my point. No, I didn't. Yes, I did. Because it's before viability. Okay, what's viability? Viability is based on technology, but viability changes. It is. Viability is at week 20. I just want to ask my question. One day viability might be at the first trimester. So the question that I'd like you to... The question that I'd like to ask you is, let's assume a woman is pregnant. It's before viability, per the technological innovations and standards in America, because that's where we live. When does personhood begin, Dean? I'll happily answer your question. When should abortion be legal? So I think that personhood begins around 20 through 24 weeks with a thymocortical connection. That's when personhood begins? But my question is, if there's a woman that's pregnant, it's before viability, per the technological innovation in America, and a doctor tells her that she needs to get an emergency C-section or abortion, it doesn't matter because either way it's going to kill the fetus, and the doctor says if she doesn't get this emergency C-section or abortion, then she's going to die, would you be okay with her getting one? I'm just interested. I want to see where your ideological underpinnings fall. So I notice how that's one of your debate strategies. You corner us into these questions. I'll answer your question. Thank you. So what doctors do is they take an oath that says do no harm. Doing an abortion not only does obvious harm to the child by killing the child, but it actually does a lot of physical trauma to the mother. It does a lot of trauma to the uterus. And not only that, but many women end up being suicidal after abortion, but regardless of that, we have this very backwards view of the technology that we have now. There simply are not cases where women need to get abortions in order to save their life. Because it's not a scenario that actually exists. A lot of these doctors are committing medical malpractice, and they're actually lying because they have an agenda. If it were to happen, would you be okay with that woman getting an abortion? Absolutely not, because that doesn't happen. So if it did, you wouldn't be okay with her getting an abortion? That's insane. Fuck. Okay, we've got to pause there. We've got to pause there. We're kind of at an impasse. We've also run out of time, so we're going to move on. My next surrounded claim is, Donald Trump is a terrible president. All right, if you want to debate this claim, get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hi. Welcome back. Yeah. I don't know. Let's see. Donald Trump is a terrible president because he slept his way to the top. No. I actually think that- Remember that? That was brutal. Hey, listen. Well, he didn't do that. Why do you support Trump? I think that he's done ... He's obviously done a lot of things. I can't say he's a perfect person, but I do think he has done things to benefit us. What is one macroeconomic indicator that's better off today than it was a year and a half ago under Biden? Closing the borders. So that's not a macroeconomic indicator. A macroeconomic indicator would be something like GDP growth, unemployment, inflation, jobs reports. And by definition, a macroeconomic indicator is just simply a gauge that we could use to determine the health of the economy overall. So let's again speak about GDP growth, inflation. Well, health of the economy, if I can dive into that. What's one indicator that's better off today than it was a year and a half ago under Biden? The amount of drug use and fentanyl in society has gone down miraculously because he has closed the border and illegal drugs are no longer allowed to come in. You understand the question I'm asking you? Yeah, I do. And I'm answering it. So the amount of people that use drugs in society could, of course, influence macroeconomic variables. Like, if everybody was drugged up all the time, nobody could go to work, right? So therefore, the macroeconomic indicator of, like, unemployment would be really high. Okay, so it's not directly the macroeconomic indicator, but rather it's an influence of the indicators. So directly, what is one macroeconomic indicator that's better off today than it was a year and a half ago? Keep it in mind that macroeconomic indicators are things like inflation, GDP growth, wage growth, real median wages, unemployment, job reports, so on and so forth. Same thing. I'm going to go with drug use. Dude, okay. Dude, I'm a girl. So what macro indicators do drug use influence? Are you saying that now we have a lower level of unemployment because of that? By closing the border and not allowing illegal people in here, giving me and so many other people job opportunities that they weren't allowed to have before because companies were employing illegal immigrants, just like the weed farm in California that Newsom was directly supporting. They had children at the age of nine years old illegally here working for them. Those people are no longer allowed here giving the job opportunities to others. That is benefiting the economy. Period. So is that why we added the lowest amount of jobs to the economy in 20 years, ignoring recessions last year under Trump? Is that why we have the highest level of unemployment since the pandemic? Is it not opening opportunity? Yeah, it's not. The reason why mass deportation doesn't open up job opportunity in America is very simple. Because ultimately, undocumented immigrants as a demographic are very economically productive. They pay over $100 billion in taxes per year. And those jobs are now open for real Americans to have. And they pay in $1.1 through $1.7 trillion to the GDP annually. They actually don't. They actually don't. Have you ever met an illegal immigrant that pays taxes? I'm sure you haven't. So my source is the IRS. Do you think the IRS is lying? Absolutely. I'm sure they can lie about statistics all the time. So Donald Trump's IRS is lying about how much... It's not Donald Trump's IRS. Well, that's what the IRS is saying today, who's the president. No, well, the statistics came in from years ago. You've used that since the last time we were here. Do you know who Scott Besson is? No. He's the administrator of the IRS. Do you know who he's appointed by? Donald Trump, I'm going to assume. And Scott Bassett and the IRS under Trump still report that. And listen, it's not a contestable fact. So you don't believe that removing a certain population can allow opportunities for others to come in? Because it makes the economy less productive. I have family that are refused opportunities, health care, and other resources due to the fact that it's oversaturated by people who do not have a citizenship here. And by closing those borders and not allowing those people to come in, it gives them the space to have that because that's what my tax dollars should be paying for. So do you think that undocumented immigrants can access, like, federal Medicaid, Medicare, or something so forth? They can, actually. They can. Do you know what the Personal Work Order and Responsibility Act is? I actually know that they can because I have family members that can. Do you know what the Personal Work Order and Responsibility Act is? That can perfectly walk in and they can get checks month per month, living month per month, and we support that. Our tax dollars that we pay, we support that. Can I get a yes or no? Do you know what the Personal Work Order and Responsibility Act is? I believe it has something to do with jobs and paying taxes no matter... No. The Personal Work Order and Responsibility Act is a bill from the 90s that strictly limits and prohibits any type of federal public welfare benefit from being given to undocumented immigrants. I'm going to continue to speak. There was one slight addendum to this with Obama's EMTALA, which just says that undocumented immigrants can get life-saving emergency care if they need it. But the point is, when you suggest that undocumented immigrants are reliant on these federal systems of benefit... And they are. Anyway, from Medicaid to Medicare to Section 8 to food stamps, they're not. It is literally illegal for them to collect those benefits. And they do anyways because states like California allow it. We pay for it. You're confused. No, I'm not confused. What you're confused about is a difference between limited state-level benefits and federal benefits. So you're right. But it still happens on some level. Can you acknowledge that? In 10 of our 50 states, undocumented immigrants have the limited ability to collect social safety nets. But that still is an ability. And my tax dollars in California are paying for it, yes. Well, actually, their tax dollars pay for it. Absolutely. Because they pay $100 billion per year in taxes and they subsidize you. And people like my brother with disability that truly need those things are being cut. They're completely different systems. They're being cut. Absolutely not. Yeah, they are. Nope. What's Medi-Cal? Medi-Cal? My brother gets Medi-Cal, and they also get Medi-Cal. No, it's specifically a system of benefit for undocumented immigrants that no longer exist. No, my brother literally just got something in the mail that says for Medi-Cal. Your brother's on Medicaid on the state level. No, he's on Medi-Cal. Listen, the point that I'm trying to make here— I'm filing for a conservatorship for my brother. I would know exactly what he gets. The point that I'm trying to make here— And he's getting cut day by day because of the oversaturation, the overpopulation of people we don't even know exist. Okay, I'll wait for you to finish. And we are paying for them. So do we not acknowledge that by closing the borders, like I'm going to go back to my point, just like you like to do with everybody else, I'm going to go back to my point that by cutting that population off and allowing more space for opportunity for Americans would benefit the economy. So you're saying that you pay for the benefits of undocumented immigrants when they're paying over $100 billion per year in taxes in the federal, state, and local level. Well, guess what? They're paying for their own benefits in the 10 limited states that give them. No, they're not. Do their jobs... I mean, this is just anti-intellectualist propaganda. That's what the IRS says. That's what the Cato Institute, who's ran by libertarians, which is right-leaning, says. As a daughter of immigrants, that's disgusting for you to say. Okay, we have to pause there. We have to pause there. You've been voted out. All right, if you want to be the next debater, get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi, nice to meet you. Maricarmen Berman. Hi, ma'am. It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. I want to talk to you about my point of view as a Mexican-American Jewish. I'm not saying Trump is perfect, but I'm saying the reason I vote for him and I would vote again. First of all, I want to touch the point that she said about borders, but not about the people. I'm talking about the drugs and the traffic that is coming from my country and is from my government, because Mexico has a narco government. You know who's the only one who has the guts to go right now and deal with the president? Trump. Because the other administration didn't do it. Who went to bring Venezuela Maduro to the jail? Trump. And this is affecting United States. I mean, I'm not saying everything he's doing is great. And I'm Jewish, so I support Israel. Who is the only one who supports Israel? Trump. Otherwise, I don't know how we're going to be right now. Oh, yeah. Let's support a state that's committing genocide and ethnic cleansing of Palestinians. Oh, well, don't talk about it, because that... And let's make sure to throw $1 billion a day at a war that's killed 13 of our servicemen and women for another state, per the testimony of Joe Kent. Listen, okay, here's my point. I want to respond to the first thing. Israel is the first ally of the United States. So we have the right to support Israel. And you know what? God said to Abraham, I will bless whoever bless you, and I will curse whoever curse you. If you want to be blessed, and this country needs to be blessed, needs to bless Israel first. Every single country has been, every single country who has been cursed, Israel is, look how they are right now. This is religious psychosis. It's not religious. It's genuinely religious psychosis. It is what it is. Do you see how Chavez ended? Listen, you're saying- He cursed Israel from his intestine, he say it. You are saying- And his death. Okay. Yeah, we have to bless the ethnic expansionist, genocidal, terroristic state, or else we're all going to be cursed and die. I want to respond to the first couple claims that you made, specifically on topic with Venezuela and the border. So who brings in 70% to 80% of the drugs into this country, per the homeland of border security? Mexico, Colombia, Venezuela. Who is bringing them? Who is supporting them? It's Mexican country, and I'm sorry to say it. I love my country, but my government is... Okay, I'll respond. Thank you for your response. So 70% of the drugs sold in America, brought into America, are brought in by citizens. Why do I bring this up? Because when we say the undocumented immigrants are the issue, they're the people that are just bringing all these drugs across the border, then they come here to, like, women and kidnap children and commit all these heinous, violent crimes. It's nothing more than the demonization of a demographic that's actually very beneficial to this country. Okay, I never said all the undocumented people are the ones who are bringing... But that's what Trump has said. ...to become citizens. And that's why you shouldn't support Trump. I'm not telling you he's doing everything perfect. I never say that. I'm talking about the borders that he... We have more than 2,000 miles border with Mexico. And that's where they came the drugs. And that's where they came this trafficking. I don't... Listen, I actually... Through legal ports of entry for the most part. that are killing our people in the streets right now. So once again, a vast majority of the drugs brought across the border are brought in by citizens through legal ports of entry. And when I give you an explanation for this, it's going to make sense to you, because think about it. Okay, when a citizen is coming in through a legal port of entry, okay, well, nobody just has the innate right per the state to pull them over, scrutinize them, check every, you know, nook and cranny of their vehicle. No, they should. He should. But when, you know, they identify an undocumented immigrant, well, they already have an individual who's capable of breaking federal law, so then they have all the rights in the world to detain them, arrest them if they need to pat them down or check their vehicle. And that's why a lot of the drugs that come into this country will come in with citizens. But I think my larger point here is, I don't think that Donald Trump has secured the border. I think that the reason why we've seen such a drastic decline in undocumented entry has nothing to do with proactive long-term border policy, but rather to do with fascism and human rights abuse. There are people in this country that are getting illegally deported and then tortured in places like Seacott. Executive order number 14160 attempted to unconstitutionally reclassify citizens as undocumented immigrants to be lined up and deported by the DHS. We're watching people like Alex Freddie get murdered in broad daylight by ICE agents. I want to answer to you before you continue. You're talking about legal deportation. I used to be a foster care liaison when all these kids in cages, that was not true. I was there. They call us for an emergency meeting, looking for families to support these kids. Meanwhile, they were reunification with their families. Yes, it was not true that it was in cages. That was just the media, what they wanted to portray. You know what I mean? So is your argument that executive order number 14160 doesn't even exist? What I'm saying is the media wants to say what they want to say because they have already, you know... But this isn't coming from the media. It's coming from the White House website. All right. All right. If you want to be the next debater, please get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi, welcome in. I think we should start this off a little bit. I didn't even sit down. I know. I'm talking to you while you're standing up. Hi. Okay. I'll slow it down. What's your name? I'm Kai Tia, but you can say Tia. It's a lot easier. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, Tia. Thank you. Thanks for being here. Listen, I say we start this conversation off a little bit differently. Can I tell you why I think Trump is a terrible president? That's what I was gonna ask you. I would love to know, actually. Perfect. Well, I break it down to the three main categories. Domestic policy, foreign policy, and his character, okay? He is the worst president of my life, the worst president of your life, and the worst president of the lives of every single person sitting in this circle. Let's start by evaluating his character. He's a 34-count felon, adjudicated rapist that has boasted about proving the naked bodies of beauty pageant contestants, depicted black people as monkeys on his Truth Social, and was sued in the 70s for refusing to rent to black people because he thought that they were quote-unquote poor. And there's about a billion other things I could say because of the time on the clock, I'll keep it concise. We look at his domestic policy. There's not a single macroeconomic variable that is better off today under Trump than it was a year and a half ago under Biden. GDP growth is down. We got one of the worst jobs report in modern American history last year, adding only 170,000 jobs to the economy after adding 2.2 million under Biden in 2024. We see that unemployment is up. We saw 1.3 million layoffs. We see the highest increase in the price of gas in one month since the Vietnam War in 1967. Foreign policy is a disaster. He said he was going to end Russia's invasion of Ukraine on day one. He didn't. He said he was going to bring us closer to our allies. Now they all hate us because we impose unconstitutional legal tariffs on them. He said he was going to be the president of no new wars. Then he started a new war of choice at Iran just to deflect away from the Epstein files. And this holistically is why I think that Donald Trump is a terrible president. The mic and the floor are yours. OK, thank you. So I haven't been in politics that long as far as like interest. It was like 2016 really opened my eyes. I never thought Trump had a chance, honestly. But I do seem to remember in 2016, a lot of the dialogue around his win was he only won because America's racist, basically saying everyone who voted for him was racist. This is after eight years of Obama, by the way. who got reelected. So based on that, and after four years of not being president and now he's back, why do you think that he won if he's one of the most terrible presidents in our lifetime? Okay, yeah, I'll give a direct answer to that question. I first want to ask a clarifying one. Do you think that Biden was a bad president? I don't want to talk about Biden because that's not why we're here. Right. Okay. Well, I'd expect your answer to that question to be no, of course, but Biden got the most votes out of any president in history. We can't say just because people were willing to vote for a candidate to be president that, therefore, they were the best option. The reason why I think that Trump won the election had a lot to do with propaganda surrounding the negative economic impacts of the pandemic, okay? We saw 9% high levels of inflation, roaring gas prices, and I don't think that these things were caused by Biden, but Biden never was really too publicly outspoken about that, and I think that was a messaging problem with the Dems. The second reason why I think that Donald Trump won had to do with the fact that Kamala Harris only had a little bit over 100 days to run, which I also blame on Biden. He should have stepped down a lot sooner. But ultimately, I don't think Trump won because he's a good president, and that's undeniable. Has your life gotten better in the last year and a half? My life has gotten better, actually. And how has Trump made it better? Tell me, specifically. I honestly do feel safer with him president. I mean, we can beat a dead horse with the closed border. That means a lot to me. Like, I'm a mom. I have kids. It's important to me that, and I live in L.A., which is, like, crazy, right? Do you live out here or no? Yeah. No, I don't. But you would be safer to leave your children with the average undocumented immigrant compared to the average citizen. They're 2.5 times less likely to commit violent crimes compared to the average U.S. citizen. I would actually be safer with my kids in my home with me. That's why I homeschool, and that's why I'm a mom. And my children come first. So for me, being able to do that is a blessing. There's a lot of sacrifices that come with that, especially in this economy. I would be lying if I didn't say, like, it's difficult with the gas prices. It's difficult with the groceries and the tariffs. There's a lot of things. Yeah, similar with Biden. There was a lot... Inflation has not increased in the same amount as it did under Biden. What did Biden do to cause it? The money to Ukraine and the open border. You can look and you can research about how much it cost us to send the amount of money that we did to Ukraine. How much money did we send to Ukraine over four years? What it did to affect our economy and also with the undocumented immigrants. How much money did we send to Ukraine? They are getting Medi-Cal. They were getting money for food and free housing. How much money did we send to Ukraine in four years under Biden? You tell me. $220 billion approximately. Now, here's the thing. If you're going to blame Biden's 9% high level of inflation on $220 billion spent over the course of four years, then why don't we see like 50% levels of inflation, considering the fact that in the last year and a half, Donald Trump has passed the big, beautiful bill, which, according to most estimates, is clocked in to cost us around $3.4 trillion over the course of 10 years. Or the simple fact that he's spending a billion dollars a day on a war in Iran. He's going to send just as much money or spend just as much money on this war in Iran as Biden did in four years on Ukraine in less than a year. I think that's something we have to wait and see. And I think the important thing is... I get what you're saying. And I think both of us, at the end of the day, we want what's best for America. I think we have different plans or strategies to get there. But the main thing I did want to come up here and say, I don't think you really answered it, was if Trump was the worst president in our lifetime, how did he win twice, if not three times, depending on who you talk to? Exactly. So if he was that terrible, either were the, and I mean, you can say, are we dumb as a box of rocks? Like, are we the stupidest people? I've been told I'm internalized racism. Do you want me to be honest? I would love for you to be honest. I don't think that anybody in the circle is particularly intelligent. Okay. And I understand that that's how people see us. We're going to stop there. You've been voted out. Thank you. Return to your seat. Well, thank you for your time. Thank you for your time, Tia. If you want to be the next debater, get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hi. My name's Leah. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Just a little background. I am currently active duty in the United States Marine Corps. I'm not here on behalf... Be careful. Half-tracks. I'm not here on behalf of the Department of War, by the way. I also grew up in Jerusalem, Israel. And I think that Trump has done a lot for me personally, and I feel like that's what we should all be here speaking about to an extent. I've gotten paid more under him. I've gotten bonuses under him. The military is tightened up under him. And from that perspective, he's my commander-in-chief, and I'm grateful for that. Um, yeah. Out of everybody sitting in the circle, you have the most reason to not support Trump. Could I tell you why? I would love to know why. Because of your oath. You took an oath to defend the Constitution from enemies overseas and domestic, correct? Correct. Can we agree that an enemy to the Constitution, domestic or foreign, would be a person who thinks that the Constitution should be terminated, is intentionally and belligerently infringing upon it? Can you go in depth with that, please? Well, I mean, I think that is all the context that would be required to understand an enemy. If there's somebody that is intentionally and belligerently infringing on the Constitution, has suggested that maybe we should terminate it before, can we agree that person would be an enemy to the Constitution? That would be an enemy. I do agree with you, but I don't agree with you if you're saying that's what Trump has done. In December of 2022, Trump went on Truth Social and said that because of the 2020 election, the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, including those found within the Constitution, would be allowed. And in the last year and a half of his presidency, he has directly infringed on the 14th Amendment, threatened the first, threatened the second, infringed on the fourth, infringed on the 10th, and threatened to infringe on the 23rd, on top of Article 1 and 2. Donald Trump is a domestic enemy to the Constitution. I do not agree with that whatsoever, just because you're stating all these things kind of like a fact check, but he hasn't actually put those in place. Executive order number 14160 is put in place and attempted to take birthright citizenship away from the children born to undocumented immigrants on American soil. But that is a long-withstanding ruling from SCOTUS, regardless of its Playa Vido in 1989, saying that undocumented immigrants are within the jurisdiction of the U.S. or U.S. versus Juan Camargo in the late 19th century, arguing that the only people who do not have a constitutional claim to birthright citizen would be members of militant invading forces, foreign diplomats, and Native Americans, which was later updated through federal law. We know for a fact that the 14th Amendment covers the protection of birthright citizenship for the children born to undocumented immigrants. Donald Trump says, well, I'm going to change that, and passes an illegal unconstitutional executive order stating otherwise. That is a domestic threat to our Constitution that you as a member of our DOJ, as an active duty service member of the Marines, should absolutely protest and stand in wide opposition against. So that, I would not agree, makes him a domestic enemy. This is militant. This is what I signed an oath for and what I raised my right hand for. It's militant, and that has not affected us in that military aspect. I don't think so. If you could give me an example of how so. As far as immigration and all these people who have joined the military to get papers for their parents and stuff like that, whether they were born here or not, it's been in effect, and it's been very helpful for them. What were your thoughts on Donald Trump calling for the execution of six Indian Democrats in Congress who reminded you to abide by your oath? Six what? Six Indian Democrats in Congress posted a video saying, if you're given a legal order, you don't got to follow it. And you should know that's what the UCMJ says. Yeah, no, absolutely. And Donald Trump called for their execution because of that. I don't know much about that, honestly. I'll tell you. Yeah, please do. He went on Truth Social. He responded to an article talking about the six statements in Congress who posted a video saying, like, oh, you're a runner, you're off. Don't follow any unlawful orders if Trump were to give you one. And he calls them seditious traitors. Follows it up by saying traitors punishable by death. And then he reposts a follower's comment that says, hang them, George Washington would. OK, so he falsely accuses them of a crime they didn't commit. You and me could agree it's not treasonous to tell the military not to unfollow unlawful orders. UCMJ once again. And then he says, well, because of this crime that he's accusing them of that they didn't commit, they need to be hung. That's him directly calling for the execution of six Democrats in Congress that were just simply reminding you of the UCMJ. How could you stand by such a maniac? No, honestly, we have multiple times gone against if it does not follow along with the UCMJ, with their own history in the military, and they've been awarded for that if our military leader, and for example, Donald Trump is one of them, but if they go against what the UCMJ does, we are allowed to go against that. Yeah, that's all the Dems were saying, and then he said they needed to die because they said that. No. Yes. He said, we're posted, quote, unquote. Who needed to die? These Democrats. He said that their sedition is punishable by death Okay, the sedition that they didn't commit. And then he followed that up by reposting a comment that said, hang them, explicitly, hang them. That was him calling for their execution. There's no ifs, ands, or buts about it. I feel like you're maybe one of the more reasonable people that I've spoken with today. You should be able to see this so clearly. And maybe this might even be an historical moment you're unsurrounded where I'm able to change the mind of a guest on the show. That'd be huge. That would be huge if it was going to happen, but it's not. Oh, my goodness. We're out of time. We have to pause there. My final surrounded claim is Donald Trump doesn't give a shit about any of you. If you want to debate Dean's claim, get to the chair in three, two, one. Hi. Hi, Dean. Okay, well, I think that my claim here is clear. Donald Trump doesn't give a shit about anybody in the circle. What I mean by that is just Donald Trump generally doesn't care about women. He's a very misogynistic asshole. Promises made, promises kept. Opposite. Number one, he's got more women on his cabinet than most presidents did. And he's fired, what, four of them? Doesn't matter. I think it does. Every person he's fired so far has been a woman. If they don't perform, you fire them. Pam Bondi did nothing. Yeah, she was a terrible AG. Exactly. And he didn't like that, so he fired her. I think that she was a terrible AG for preventing the release of the files. I digress. I'm interrupting you. Sorry, go ahead. And he pardoned the J6ers, like he said he would. And now he created a weaponization fund, which I think is great. And he forgoed all his money, which is $10 billion, and he took $1.7 billion, 1776, to give to the people that refused to take shots. that were fired because they didn't want to get the vax, that were targeted by the Biden DOJ, grannies that were thrown in prison, people that literally just stepped foot on the Capitol grounds and were thrown in prison for years. No tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, and the lowest prescription prices that we've ever had. Safe borders, no more child trafficking. Okay, listen. I think he cares about us. Let's start with that $1.8 billion slush fund. Yeah. You said it was his personal money. That's not true. It's funded by the taxpayers. It's owed to him. Secondarily, it is an absolute disaster. Just like all the money comes from taxpayers. It's crazy that our president is willing to give $1.8 billion to people such as the J6 terrorists. Well, they're not terrorists. Well, I mean, I think they are. For instance, there were 176 people who were criminally convicted of deadly assaults on police officers. Take, for example, DJ Rodriguez, who drove a stun gun into Officer Fanon's neck while Officer Fanon was on the ground getting beaten with metal rods as the crowd was screaming, grab his gun and kill him. And then DJ Rodriguez pled guilty to doing this in court after Officer Fanone's testimony and his body camera footage proved it. Are you familiar with Roseanne Boylan? She was beaten to death by an officer, Lila Morris. Okay, nobody talks about that. Ashley Babbitt was killed, shot in the neck. She was an unarmed woman, a military woman. There was no need for that. People went there peacefully and patriotically. And that's why they were screaming, hang Mike Pence, right? Yeah, but nobody that I've seen. Was that peaceful? There was a lot of infiltrators. There was over 300 FBI agents in there. Oh, really? Who's FBI? Exactly. Who's FBI? Right. Everybody says that. Who's president on day six? It doesn't matter. It does. I read about that the other day. Because it was Donald Trump. I read that and read it. Who's FBI? And by the way, who did Trump pardon? Did he pardon the Antifa infiltrators? It was under Obama. It was under Obama. Obama was president on J6? He wasn't Obama. He wasn't president on J6. President Trump was. But Obama's the one who's been trying to persecute him. Obama, Biden, since day one with the Russian dossier. Yeah. So Obama infiltrated Trump's FBI. He's the one, not just Obama, but all the leftists, all the deep state. My friend, you've lost your goddamn mind. Nancy Pelosi. Then why? Well, listen, here's the real litmus test. Why didn't they have National Guard? Well, apparently, Donald Trump had the ability to call them there, and this has been proven by a second term. According to Donald Trump's second term, he doesn't need to try to send the National Guard anywhere. He just simply can. But I want to do a quick litmus test on one of the claims that you made about all the J6 Antifa terrorists that were infiltrating the crowd to cause havoc. I actually know that there was over 300 people dressed up as Trump supporters. So do we agree that everybody who was criminally convicted on J6 has since been pardoned by Trump? I believe so. So Donald Trump pardoned Antifa terrorists? And now he's offering them $1.8 billion? A lot of them didn't get charged, though. A lot of the Antifa people didn't get charged. Why don't you give me some evidence for that, ma'am? Well, I don't... Did Ray Epps get charged? So you don't believe in things, right, without evidence? I believe in facts. So what's the evidence? I believe in facts. Okay, so... Just like Donald Trump cares about the American people. Maybe we should get back to that. Yeah. Okay. So we got to pause there. You've been voted out. Have a good one. You too. All right. If you want to be the next debater, get to the chair in three, two, one. Howdy, howdy. Hi. Hi. Welcome. Thank you. Would you like to carry on with why you think that? Trump doesn't care about you, doesn't care about anybody in the circle, because he generally doesn't care about women. He has had a lifetime of vapid misogyny, like the fact that he's a sexual predator, that he's a rapist, that he's overturned policy that has led to 60 pregnant victims per day being denied access to abortion in 10 every 50 states, or an attack on our economy. Everything is worse off today than it was a year and a half ago under Giga-Chad Biden. I don't think he cares about you. He almost took a bullet for this country. And he faces, he's faced so many assassination attempts. He faces threats, as you should know. I mean, you cried with Charlie Kirk. I mean, listen, specifically, this will be 10 seconds or less so we can get back to the topic. I cried because I, uh... I thought that it was a mass shooting. My friend was less than 30 feet away. He FaceTimed me running away, saying, Dean, I think that there's a mass shooting going on. And regardless of the fact that I didn't like Charlie Kirk, I'll be honest, I think that he's despicable. He endorsed child torture. I still saw a video of somebody that I personally knew, okay, get their jugular ripped open by a bullet. It was rough. And yeah, I shed a tear. That was very intense. But listen, the topic is... I think it really humanized you. The topic is Donald Trump doesn't generally care about women. He doesn't give a shit about anybody in the circle. You're arguing that, well, maybe he does care about women because he took a bullet for you. Why would he put his life on the line if he didn't care? Well, I think the reason why he's willing to apparently take a bullet to the ear isn't because he cares about you or else we'd see that demonstrated through his actions, words, and policy, which obviously hasn't occurred, but rather maybe he took a bullet because it was either the bullet or the jail cell for his 34 felonies, attempted coup on J6. And he wants that power. He wants that adoration. He wants that glory. He wants that fame. He wants his name to be in the history books. That's why he's illegally placing his name on the Kennedy Center or attempting to commit the conquest of America, usurping Iran to be the 51st state, Venezuela to be the 52nd, and Canada to be the 53rd. That's what he wants to get out of it. He doesn't want to help you. Once again, we'd see that represented through his policy, which we don't. I vehemently disagree with that. He cares for law enforcement. He cares for firefighters, mothers trying to get pregnant. And it's disheartening that the way you describe Trump, it's like you're describing a leader in the Middle East, someone that's an actual dictator, an actual fascist. And for someone that has traveled and has seen how other countries operate, this is the best country in the world. And we're so lucky to have Donald Trump as a president. And I'm disheartened that you can't see that. Okay. You said that he cares about law enforcement. Then why did he pardon 178 people who attempted to assault or kill cops on J6? On January 6th? Yeah, he pardoned. Like, we went over this earlier. DJ Rodriguez, okay, drove a stun gun into Officer Fanone's neck. Gave him a heart attack. He had to be raced off to the hospital. DJ Rodriguez was then thrown in jail for 10 years. Trump says he's a patriot, gives him a full and complete presidential pardon, and has now created a $1.8 billion slush fund that's going to line DJ's pockets. Dude, there's no way he cares about cops if that's what he's willing to give to a would-be cop killer. Mm-hmm. Well, honestly, I don't know all the details of that. If everything that I just said was true, would you concede that Donald Trump does not care about law enforcement? I would be curious why he... I mean, I don't know what information he has that I don't, so I would have to place my trust in the president of the United States. Did you place your trust in Biden? Okay, we got a pause there. You've been voted out. Please return to your seat. If you would like to be the next debater, get to the chair in three, two, one. Welcome back, Liz. Hi. All right. Well, I mean, you know my thoughts. I think that Trump is the worst president of your life, and I think that he consistently demonstrates that through his rhetoric and policy. What are your thoughts? I love Trump. And honestly, I love everything that Trump is doing with Israel. I'm Jewish. I'm very pro-Israel. I know how you feel about Israel, but I feel like you probably don't know the facts. I also love what Trump is doing with Iran because he does care about women. He wants to free the women of Iran from the Islamic regime. He wants to free the women all around the world. Tell me what you like about Iran or Palestine and how they treat women. Well, I actually want to start off with a claim that you made about Iran. Is Donald Trump negotiating with the IRGC to achieve a denuclearization agreement today? there's no negotiating with terrorists. Okay, well, according to Trump, that's not true. He says that there are active, ongoing negotiations and they're performing greatly. Yeah, of course. Okay, so he's... Okay, so the reason why I ask you this question is because the IRGC isn't going anywhere. Because Donald Trump has already said that he's achieved all of his military objectives in this war. He's already, quote-unquote, couped the IRGC and committed regime change by just getting more, quote-unquote, moderate voices to lead the IRGC. And now he's actively negotiating, like, a 30- to 50-year agreement with them so they will never have the ability to nuclearize again. What this means is that Donald Trump actually wants the IRGC to stay in charge of Iran, or else this denuclearization effort that has costed us 13 lives, a billion dollars a day, and higher gas prices and oil prices everywhere would be for nothing. And because the IRGC is not going, then he wouldn't be negotiating with them. He wouldn't be trying to get a deal with them. You don't advocate to get a deal with a party that you don't think should exist. Here's the thing, Islam right now is taking over all of these countries. They've taken over most of Europe. They're starting to take over in the United States. He has to do this in a very careful manner. There are billions of Islamists who are trying to take over every, they will not stop until they have infiltrated every country. Their words, not mine. It's literally what they say. They say they will not stop until Islam is in every single household. This is insanity. That is what they say, and that is why we need Israel, and that is why Trump is gonna do everything he can in his power to annihilate the IRGC, which is what needs to happen. Jesus Christ. Okay, so first and foremost, if I could compulsorily puke on this table without getting you dirty, I probably would, because everything that you just said was legitimately disgusting. How is that disgusting? First and foremost, for you to demonize and turn all Muslim people alive... Not all Muslims, no, no, no, Islamists. You said that there were billions of Islamists infiltrating every crook and cranny of the world. They are. Have you traveled? Listen, I think that we absolutely... Where was the last place you traveled to, internationally? Let me respond to what you said. Or have you gone to New York? Where they're literally doing prayer in the streets? Yes, if you pray in public, then all of a sudden you're an extremist. Go tell that to every Christian evangelical that put their hand on Trump's shoulder in the Oval Office on camera. Oh, it's different because it's another religion. Exactly. When it's about Jesus. No, listen to what I'm saying here. Listen to what I'm saying here. Listen to what I'm saying here. When it's about Jesus. Jewish people don't go into every single country and try and take over. Oh, right. And that's why they're going into the West Bank. That's why they're going to Gaza. That's why they're going to Lebanon. Israel backed out of Gaza in 2005. And what's going on in the West Bank today? Hamas has literally been in charge of Gaza since 2005. And what's going on in the West Bank today? Is it a recognized terrorist organization? And what's going on in the West Bank? Israel literally has backed out. When you have people, you have a tiny little country the size of New Jersey, and you have every single country around attacking it, what do you think is going to happen? Let's hone this in. Well, A, what I wouldn't want to happen is, like, vapid war crimes. Do you think that Israel should exist? A 25-mile radius. One moment. I don't think that any country has an inherent right to exist. I think that people have a right to self-determination. A country is a collective of people. Countries in and of themselves are not moral entities. Explain to me... I'm explaining it to you. Let me speak. I don't want you to interrupt me. I want to answer your last question. You asked me a good one. You said, Dean, do you think that Israel has a right to exist? I think that that question is incomprehensible. And the reason why I say that question is incomprehensible is because a state is not a body in which has rights. People are entities in which have rights. A collective of people collectively have a right to self-determination. But the social construct of a state and a government is just a figure of our imagination through the collective of civilization, not an entity in which has rights. How many Jewish people live in Palestine? I want to be able to respond to everything. How many Jewish people live in the 57 Muslim countries? Liz, what you're doing is you're attempting to overwhelm me with questions, which is a gish gallop. I want to ensure that I have proper time to go over every statement that has left your mouth, particularly the first statement that you made about the billions of Islamists calling them radical because they pray in public. Christians pray in public all the time. That's not why I call them radical because they pray in public. I call them radical because they literally say that they will not stop until Islam is in every single household in every country and they have completely taken over. And you can see them say that everywhere. I think that every mainstream religion, okay, wishes that everybody on earth agreed with their religion. Not at all. No. Yes, of course they do. Let me explain to you why. Are you a Christian? I'm Jewish. Okay. Here, listen. I'm going to ask a question to the Christians in the circle. Do you guys think that the only way to get to heaven is to have faith in the gospel? No. Amen. And now I want you to put your flag down, okay, if you don't want everybody to go to heaven. Everybody still has their flag up. What that tells me is that everybody with their flag up, flags up, thinks that the only way to get to heaven is to be a Christian, okay, and they want everybody to go to heaven. What does this mean? They want everybody to be a Christian. So from... this line of argumentation everybody with their flag up is a radical extremist no different than the islamists that want everybody alive to believe that uh that muhammad is a prophet i have a question for the circle all of the christians in the circle do you believe that if someone does not recognize jesus christ as their lord and savior that they should be killed based islam does so Okay. Yeah, so that's a really argument to rebuttal. Listen, I agree that when you read the Quran and the Hadiths through a particularly fundamentalist scope, you could absolutely yield the conclusion that we should like, oh, kill everybody that's not a Muslim, 110%. And I disagree with that fundamentalist interpretation of the Quran and the Hadiths. And I think the people who don't are crazy. But we could do the same thing to the Christian Bible. When we look at the Christian Bible and we read it through a fundamentalist scope, well, then all of a sudden, it is totally okay to own slaves because of Leviticus 25, verses 44 through 46. Genocide is totally fine sometimes because of 1 Samuel 15, 3. And sometimes it's okay to impregnate kids because the historical representation of Mary's age under a fundamentalist scope... under fundamentalist scope is that Mary was around 13. And the reason why I'm giving you the fundamentalist interpretation of the Christian Bible isn't to shit on Christianity as a whole, but it's rather to say that when you read any religious text through that fundamentalist perspective, you could always yield grave immoralities like slavery, pedophilia, or killing people who disagree with you. But the thing is, is that a lot of Christians alongside a lot of Muslims don't hold to that fundamentalist interpretation of their respective religious texts that yield those grave immoralities and rather practice their religion in a quite benevolent way. The issue is you have people in Iran who are literally suffering, people who had to flee Iran 47 years ago, who are still suffering to this day, people all around the world. because the Islam extremists, the ones who are also in charge of a lot of these countries, will kill you. They will behead you. They will do whatever they can to harm you if you do not believe what they believe in, if you do not agree that the Prophet Muhammad is the one and only and Islam is the only religion, and that should be allowed in the world. So that's the thing. We are dealing with this today with Islam, and that's where the issue lies. Okay, we're going to stop there. We're out of time. Thank you. Thanks for the dialogue. All right. I just want to give snaps to everybody in the circle so far. Good job, Dean. Snaps to you. Good job. Let's take a breath. It's been a heated episode. For the last portion of this video, I ask that you look around the circle and select somebody who you want to come back to the center and debate their claim with. Oh, God. See, there's so many options here. I don't know. People might hate me at home for this one. I wanted to respond to what she had to say. Yeah, let's do it. Get up here. Yes. Well, I'll give you credit. You're brave to pick me, so that's good. Or dumb. My surrounded claim is that Democrats sold our country out. Can I have an explanation of what you mean when you say that? Well, first off, their open-border policies, you know, sanctuary cities, which are completely unconstitutional. Thank God we have Sheriff Chad Bianco running for governor. Hopefully we'll eliminate that. You know, they said, Russia, Russia, Russia, right? About President Trump. Well, who sold your uranium to Russia? And I love when Trump was talking to all of these European countries. He says, you guys keep screaming, Russia, Russia, Russia. Why aren't you buying oil from us? Why are you buying it from Russia? So there's so many good things that Trump has done. And the Democrats have completely, like, I'm from Iran originally. The fact that Obama gave boatloads of cash to that evil regime makes me so angry. So I love that Trump annihilated General Soleimani and a proxy guy in Iraq, offed him because he killed 10,000 people, including women and children. Okay, yeah, a lot. Yeah, so I am so happy for him getting rid of the nuclear facilities along with Benjamin Netanyahu, with the intelligence that they brought in and the weapons. And they are our only allies, and the liberals hate Israel. This was like, it could have been World War III. If we didn't get rid of this stuff, you and I might not be here the next five, ten years. You should hate Trump then. Oh, I should love him because he just stopped World War III. He stopped the deep state from destroying this world. And that's what Marxists do. That's what Marxists do. They have no grip on reality. They have no God. And they don't understand what's actually going on because they're more concerned about putting men in women's bathrooms than their sports. Oh, my goodness. What's a communist? Can you define that word? Yeah, it's somebody that thinks that we should not have our own private property. So the government gets to choose, which is, I don't want the government to be my mommy and daddy, okay? It's supposed to be a representative government, which is called a constitutional republic. We are not a freaking democracy. Okay. Well, we're not a democracy. Yes. Yeah. Go look at John Adams and what he said about democracies. So first and foremost, you weren't necessarily right about what a communist is. Communism is a stateless, classless, moneyless society. Now, on to your second point here about us not being a democracy. Yeah, and did it work? Did it work? Have you watched Dr. Zhivago? Can I respond? So you said that we're not a democracy. We're a constitutional republic. Correct. So a constitutional republic would be a type of representative democracy. And what I mean when I say that is these two phrases are used interchangeably. Because under a republic, what? We have duly elected leaders that then represent the interests of the constituents of the nation. Under a representative democracy, we have duly elected leaders that represent the constituents of the nation. No, a democracy is minus a constitution and the rule of law. So it's basically, if you're saying you're a democracy, the 51% could go and kill off the 49%. That's called a direct democracy. Yeah, pure democracy. When Donald Trump said that he took a bullet for the American democracy, he was wrong? Well, he likes to use that word, I think, to reach out to the Democrats. I believe he's wrong because I don't believe we're a democracy. I don't like the word democracy. I have like a twitch when I hear the word because it's democracy, hypocrisy, bureaucracy. I mean, it's just... Okay, now another claim they made there. You want to throw up? I want to throw up when I hear the word democracy. Yeah, MAGA. So, listen. Okay, you said MAGA like a swear word. Why did you say that like a swear word? Isn't that a good thing, make America great again? Well, what's not a good thing is saying that you're making America great again by taking health care away from 10 million low-income Americans like Trump did. You did not. He actually helped health care. He got rid of the fraud in the health care. Can I speak? Yeah, but you're lying right now. You're lying. So I'll go ahead and restart, and I'll give you my sources at the end. Okay. Composure is important, ma'am. Oh, you're going to talk down to me? I'm your elder. You have respect for your elder. So, first and foremost, Biden is your elder, and you don't have any respect for him. So let's stop it with the hypocrisy. No, he's an evil man. You asked me, why do I use MAGA like a swear word? Because Donald Trump has used that phrase, make America great again, to represent actions like taking health care away from 10 million low-income Americans through the big, beautiful bill. Per the reports from the Congressional Budget Office, which is ran by Republicans, liberal estimates are a little bit higher, like 17 million people. He took food stamps away from 3 million low-income Americans through the Big Beautiful Bill as well. And according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, he reduced the purchasing power of the average American, making out around $51,000 per year. He refused to abide by a court order to pay out food stamp benefits for 12 million starving children in America during the last 12 days of the government shutdown. Okay, he's abused his power and privilege as the president to position himself above the law. One of the last things that you said when you were up here on the last prompt was, oh, I thought everybody was above the law, except for Trump, okay? A couple weeks ago, we woke up in a new America with a new system of justice where you and Trump could commit the same crime, tax fraud. You could be thrown in jail for it, and he can't even be investigated for it because of his deal with the IRS. And all of those things, when they are used to represent the claim, make America great again, absolutely do make MAGA a slur. It's embarrassing to be MAGA. I mean, get a grip, you guys. Get a grip. And I said a lot there. I'll let you respond. But I have so much else to say. You know, like you were talking about, like, how we need to prevent Iran from getting nukes. We're at a worse place with Iran today than we were 10 years ago, thanks to Donald Trump. Obama got us an agreement to prevent them from nuclearizing until 2030. Donald Trump tore it up because it has Obama's signature on it. And about the whole respect your elders thing, so you can't expect me to respect you because you're older than me? If you're gonna turn around and call Biden a good American man with great domestic policy, one of the best presidents in modern American history... No, he was not. a crazy lunatic, evil man with a crackhead son, even though he's 30 years your elder. It's on record. He said, you're not going to get the million dollar loan unless you stop this investigation to Burisma, which his son was a part of and had zero experience. That's illegal. That's extortion. Why isn't he in jail? So he should be, because the deep state, the judges, they have so much. They've infiltrated this country. Donald Trump just hired 400 new judges that are loyalists to him. Why doesn't he use one of them to get fired and thrown in jail? Because unfortunately, he doesn't get to pick which judge is used. And a lot of these judges are just evil. Why doesn't he even try? He hasn't tried. There's been so many lies coming from your mouth. I'm, like, twitching over there. Every lie that I hear. You said people died on January 6th. I said that they tried to kill cops. No, they did not try to kill cops. It was self-defense. They were being attacked. Four patriots died that day, and you don't hear anything except for the one that got shot by the cop. Yeah. How about this? Can I ask you a question? There's four of them that died and zero cops died that day. One cop died the next day at 9.30 p.m. from a stroke. So that was a lie. And I feel bad for people like you in your age because you're being indoctrinated with all this evil. You have no appreciation for life. You're willing to kill the most innocent and vulnerable. But if you were the baby in the womb, guess what? You wouldn't want to be aborted. You'd be like, Mommy, please save me, please. I don't even know what to respond to. It was a big mess. Hey, listen, let's go ahead and start off with this. I want to ask you some general questions about your political beliefs because I believe that you hold them without much information. Name one domestic policy that the Biden-Harris administration influenced to get passed through Congress, then signed into law that you don't like. Keep in mind, once again, policy is a bill passed through Congress and signed into law. So I don't know that I just know what he... How many amendments are there in the Constitution? How many amendments are there in the Constitution? I don't know exactly off the top of my head. You don't know? How many articles? How many continents are there? You know a lot of information and I'll give you that. How many continents are there? Ma'am, how many continents are there? There's hundreds, but I can't remember. There's seven! Oh, seven continents, I thought countries, sorry, countries. I thought you were talking about countries. This is, I'm not doing an information war. I'm doing what I saw him do. He glorified a man on Woman's Day. He's trying to destroy reality of men and women. That is a bad thing and that's a Marxist thing. So, you know, you're asking me all of these questions because you're trying to get me. Okay, yeah, I might not have all of these little things that you remember, but what I know is common sense. And Biden's administration is not common sense. They sold us out, just like Obama, giving money to our enemies instead of helping our allies like Israel, who was the only country to stand... and take down those nuclear facilities that could have caused World War III, let me finish, World War III, except for Israel. Israel was the only one. Donald Trump asked other countries to help because they were affecting them too. And they had their tail between their legs and did nothing. So, ma'am, the reason why I picked you to come up to the microphone knowing that it'd be a disaster is because I think that you are a very accurate representation of where the riot is at today in modern political discourse and American politics. I think that you and many others are clueless, people who don't know what they're talking about, have done no previous investigation or research into the American political system, can't even name a bill that Biden passed that you disagree with, yet you think he's a devil, and blame Obama for all of your problems, including the FBI, quote-unquote, going into the J6 riots four years after his administration was over. And I think that it is very important for you, me, everybody in the circle, and everybody watching at home to start caring about the world that we live in, start caring about critical thought, and doing investigative research into our beliefs and why we believe them before our world has gone to this shit of baseless claims, propaganda, and just putrid nonsense that is highlighted in the mouths and brains of politicians, the president, and cable news. It's important for us to think critically, and that's something that I don't think you do. I think it's just straight up one word, projection. Left always projects. That's it. You're projecting all of your faults on me because I actually have life experience, which you don't have. And I have been a liberal. And I stepped out of that when I saw what they were doing with my child at school who I pulled out and I'm homeschooling. I've been on the earth for less years than you have, but I've done more with the years that I have. Okay. We've got to stop there. Okay. Thank you. Let's give them a round of applause for trying. Let's give a round of applause to Dean. Thank you, Dean. If you want to let us know what you thought about this episode, leave a comment. But actually, don't do that. Just go for a walk, take a breath. That was a pretty heated discussion. Tune in Wednesday for a follow-up discussion with some of the people in this episode. Thank you for watching. Maybe let us know who you want to see in the center next time. We'll see you next time. I hate it so much just seeing people be so lost in their delusion. And these people who believe in these things so undoubtedly to, with such a high level of confidence, are morons. Well, Dean is the typical liberal man, and he will insult you when he's losing an argument. How many times did he insult me and we had to stop? I think that MAGA women often get mischaracterized as uneducated or that they're oppressed. And honestly, a lot of MAGA women have come from liberal backgrounds. They've taken a lot of thought into why they believe what they believe. We're all MAGA in our own unique ways, and I feel like people try to kind of put us in one sort of box. But I think MAGA is about being a free thinker and having some common sense. I hold on to this baseline assumption that although maybe not all humans are rational, all humans have the capacity to be rational to the extent required to unify as a nation politically over such obvious truths.
